=== CONTRACTIONS MISSING APOSTROPHE ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: 3 hits
   L371 [hell] "you have proposed vasha for three different roles , you must truly hate your cousin, I choose Maren, the coin master needs not only guile but also en
   L5 [lets] *i seriously hare this woman' - "Thank you for the advice, I'll take it to hear" - 'lets see what they want *
   L220 [thats] "thats because we call ourselves five families but we have been four for years, bright paws, shadow paws, motted paws, stripe paws, were actually just
chapter-arc4-02.md: 2 hits
   L154 [lets] 'lets see what they want now' - "Friends! I Ajani first of my name, protector of the realm, heir to the light, disciple of the deep, king of the wenga
   L204 [shes] "Nefere how goes the task I asked of you ?" - 'i hope shes already spying on the hummans'
chapter-arc4-03.md: 25 hits
   L246 [cant] 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L342 [cant] "not a god, a brother, tomorrow i will make a grand announcement, that you came to me in a dream, around noon in the royal gardens, you must make your
   L398 [cant] "MY BROTHERS! I HAVE GOOD NEWS!!! SURELY YOU ALL HAVE HEARD ABOUT THE WITHERING SICKNESS, HOW ONLY THE STRONG LIVE IN THE CAPITAL AND THOSE WHO CANT E
   L416 [didnt] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L366 [doesnt] "thats the beauty of it, the sun doesnt just give life, the sun takes life, you will be our unforgiving brother, ill say you saw the gathering and tha
   L398 [doesnt] "MY BROTHERS! I HAVE GOOD NEWS!!! SURELY YOU ALL HAVE HEARD ABOUT THE WITHERING SICKNESS, HOW ONLY THE STRONG LIVE IN THE CAPITAL AND THOSE WHO CANT E
   L342 [dont] "not a god, a brother, tomorrow i will make a grand announcement, that you came to me in a dream, around noon in the royal gardens, you must make your
   L416 [dont] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L464 [dont] 'now old thing dont let me down, noon is almost here' - "IM NOT SURE IF ITS REAL, IT WAS A DREAM, BUT IN THE DREAM I SAW MYSELF AS YOU SEE ME NOW, IN 
   L366 [hes] "thats the beauty of it, the sun doesnt just give life, the sun takes life, you will be our unforgiving brother, ill say you saw the gathering and tha
   L416 [hes] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L416 [hes] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L416 [hes] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L434 [hes] "NOW THAT HE HAS WOKEN HE WISHES TO HELP US MORE!, HES SENT ME A VISION, A YOUNG WENGARI DOING A PILGRIMAGE TO A FAR AWAY WELL FROM OUR OLD CITIES, I 
   L366 [ill] "thats the beauty of it, the sun doesnt just give life, the sun takes life, you will be our unforgiving brother, ill say you saw the gathering and tha
   L522 [ill] 'breathe, slowly, it went well, i thought i was going to get skewered here, he barely made it in time, stupid old thing' - "HE ALSO SHOWED ME HE WILL 
   L246 [im] 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L434 [im] "NOW THAT HE HAS WOKEN HE WISHES TO HELP US MORE!, HES SENT ME A VISION, A YOUNG WENGARI DOING A PILGRIMAGE TO A FAR AWAY WELL FROM OUR OLD CITIES, I 
   L464 [im] 'now old thing dont let me down, noon is almost here' - "IM NOT SURE IF ITS REAL, IT WAS A DREAM, BUT IN THE DREAM I SAW MYSELF AS YOU SEE ME NOW, IN 
   L416 [isnt] "OUR TOURNAMENT GATHERED THE STRONGEST WENGARI AND IN DOING SO, WE WOKE OUR LONG LOST BROTHER!,HE CALLS HIMSELF THE GOLDEN SUN!!! AND HE LIVES SOMEWHE
   L398 [ive] "MY BROTHERS! I HAVE GOOD NEWS!!! SURELY YOU ALL HAVE HEARD ABOUT THE WITHERING SICKNESS, HOW ONLY THE STRONG LIVE IN THE CAPITAL AND THOSE WHO CANT E
   L246 [lets] 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L318 [thats] "youre right and wrong lord of the desert, if i have them erect temples in your name, you become a brother to the strongest race on ethra, you become 
   L366 [thats] "thats the beauty of it, the sun doesnt just give life, the sun takes life, you will be our unforgiving brother, ill say you saw the gathering and tha
   L318 [youre] "youre right and wrong lord of the desert, if i have them erect temples in your name, you become a brother to the strongest race on ethra, you become 
chapter-arc4-04.md: 5 hits
   L10 [dont] 'good, now all of them will walk it, this is so tiring.. i need a bath' - "BROTHERS, ILL RETIRE NOW, BUT BEFORE I LEAVE, I HAVE A LAST PIECE OF ADVICE
   L364 [hes] *lets start then, ajani is in the market escaping the palace as usual, having left sylva to the boring meetings, hes in the market looking at the fire
   L10 [ill] 'good, now all of them will walk it, this is so tiring.. i need a bath' - "BROTHERS, ILL RETIRE NOW, BUT BEFORE I LEAVE, I HAVE A LAST PIECE OF ADVICE
   L364 [lets] *lets start then, ajani is in the market escaping the palace as usual, having left sylva to the boring meetings, hes in the market looking at the fire
   L483 [youre] 'we have so much work to do... sigh' - "your name was kira right?, i always wanted a sister you know? or a brother... or any other kid around... youre
chapter-arc4-05.md: 2 hits
   L148 [ill] She stepped forward, her movements careful, her voice pitched low and gentle, the voice of a mother soothing a frightened child. "Kira. Your name is K
   L148 [ill] She stepped forward, her movements careful, her voice pitched low and gentle, the voice of a mother soothing a frightened child. "Kira. Your name is K
chapter-arc4-06.md: 1 hits
   L484 [ill] It looked like a war declaration. It looked like an invasion. It looked like the Hummans, who had been humiliated and subjugated and stripped of their

=== LOWERCASE STANDALONE i ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: 2 hits
   L5 *i seriously hare this woman' - "Thank you for the advice, I'll take it to hear" - 'lets see what they want *
   L181 "next as long as I Live, the regency and the crown are the prize, to any race" , 'i hear the screams cumming '
chapter-arc4-02.md: 2 hits
   L182 "the crown has no say in the internal family disputes, the stripe paws have their own needs, you will have to deal with them as friends, freedom comes
   L204 "Nefere how goes the task I asked of you ?" - 'i hope shes already spying on the hummans'
chapter-arc4-03.md: 8 hits
   L246 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L246 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L246 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more cru
   L318 "youre right and wrong lord of the desert, if i have them erect temples in your name, you become a brother to the strongest race on ethra, you become 
   L342 "not a god, a brother, tomorrow i will make a grand announcement, that you came to me in a dream, around noon in the royal gardens, you must make your
   L342 "not a god, a brother, tomorrow i will make a grand announcement, that you came to me in a dream, around noon in the royal gardens, you must make your
   L522 'breathe, slowly, it went well, i thought i was going to get skewered here, he barely made it in time, stupid old thing' - "HE ALSO SHOWED ME HE WILL 
   L522 'breathe, slowly, it went well, i thought i was going to get skewered here, he barely made it in time, stupid old thing' - "HE ALSO SHOWED ME HE WILL 
chapter-arc4-04.md: 3 hits
   L10 'good, now all of them will walk it, this is so tiring.. i need a bath' - "BROTHERS, ILL RETIRE NOW, BUT BEFORE I LEAVE, I HAVE A LAST PIECE OF ADVICE
   L364 *lets start then, ajani is in the market escaping the palace as usual, having left sylva to the boring meetings, hes in the market looking at the fire
   L483 'we have so much work to do... sigh' - "your name was kira right?, i always wanted a sister you know? or a brother... or any other kid around... youre

=== QUOTE INVENTORY (per chapter) ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: ascii"=277 ascii'=160 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc4-02.md: ascii"=293 ascii'=164 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc4-03.md: ascii"=146 ascii'=103 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc4-04.md: ascii"=290 ascii'=190 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=1
chapter-arc4-05.md: ascii"=348 ascii'=197 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc4-06.md: ascii"=256 ascii'=158 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0

=== LINES WITH ODD ASCII-DOUBLE-QUOTE COUNT ===
chapter-arc4-01.md L220 "thats because we call ourselves five families but we have been four for years, bright paws, shadow paws, motted paws, stripe paws, were actually just four...
chapter-arc4-01.md L222 "
chapter-arc4-01.md L394 "the security advisor will oversee internal and external security of the capital, mercenary contracts, road security, guard rotations on the wall, hunting exped
chapter-arc4-02.md L391 "GUARDS WHAT DID YOU FIND ?'

=== LINES WITH ODD ASCII-SINGLE-QUOTE COUNT ===
chapter-arc4-01.md L5 *i seriously hare this woman' - "Thank you for the advice, I'll take it to hear" - 'lets see what they want *
chapter-arc4-01.md L10 The Stripe Paws, still flush with their victory in the mounted phase and their new overlordship of trade, sprawled across their seats with the easy confidence o
chapter-arc4-01.md L14 Ajani climbed the dais and settled onto the cold stone. The green fire flickered along his claws, steady now, controlled. He had eaten. He had brushed his mane.
chapter-arc4-01.md L21 "The contracts will require time," Ajani said. "You'll have them before I leave. Next."
chapter-arc4-01.md L25 Zara blinked. She had prepared a longer speech. She sat down. The Shadow Paw elder, Kareth, rose next. His scarred face was unreadable, his one good eye fixed o
chapter-arc4-01.md L29 Ajani nodded. "You'll have your charter. The training ground will be in the old Shadow Paw quarter, and no family will compel your masters to teach. The Eight P
chapter-arc4-01.md L41 Solen stared at her. He opened his mouth, closed it, and sat down. The Motted Paw elder, a silver-furred woman whose name Ajani had not yet learned, rose next. 
chapter-arc4-01.md L49 Zara straightened. "The yearly tournament?" She considered for a moment, her golden eyes narrowing as she weighed the question. "It's the best thing that's happ
chapter-arc4-01.md L52 She sat down, her striped mane rippling. The other elders murmured. The Shadow Paws were harder to read, but Kareth inclined his scarred head in what might have
chapter-arc4-01.md L61 Zara was the first to speak. Her golden eyes gleamed with the calculating light of a merchant who had just been handed the monopoly of a lifetime. "Logistics. T
chapter-arc4-01.md L85 She paused, her silver eyes meeting Ajani's. "The Motted Paws have been silent for five thousand years. We have watched. We have waited. We have learned the lan
chapter-arc4-01.md L93 "No, no family will operate with impunity that will bring us down, I am appointing that last task to the bright paws, each family will have a bright paw in thei
chapter-arc4-01.md L101 Zara spoke first. The Stripe Paw chief's golden eyes gleamed with something that was not quite admiration and not quite wariness, but hovered somewhere in the s
chapter-arc4-01.md L105 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws have many who fit this description. We will send the best of them. They will watch the other envoys. They wil
chapter-arc4-01.md L114 The Stripe Paws are given logistics and trade—the thing they already want, the thing they are already best at, the thing that makes them wealthy and influential
chapter-arc4-01.md L132 The Stripe Paw trader watches the Bright Paw liaison. Every family is hostage to every other family's worst elements, and those worst elements are precisely the
chapter-arc4-01.md L134 This plan also positions the tournament as a continental nexus, drawing every race to the capital, making the Wengari the center of Ethra's political and cultur
chapter-arc4-01.md L140 The plan requires a competent regent to manage the capital in Ajani's absence, and Sylva is untested in that role. And the plan depends on the tournament becomi
chapter-arc4-01.md L143 "now this is all well and good but we still lack a lot of stuff, first of all let's lock in the format, this year was a preview next year will be grand, the tou
chapter-arc4-01.md L146 Zara's paw slammed against the stone armrest before anyone else could speak. The Stripe Paw chief was on her feet, her striped mane bristling, her golden eyes b
chapter-arc4-01.md L149 "No mercenaries? No Stripe Paw champions fighting under another race's banner? That eliminates our primary source of tournament revenue! The Hummans paid us a f
chapter-arc4-01.md L153 "Peace, Zara." Kareth's rough voice cut through the hall. The Shadow Paw elder had not risen from his seat, but his one good eye was fixed on the Stripe Paw chi
chapter-arc4-01.md L157 Zara's claws extended. "You're only saying that because the Shadow Paws never sell their claws to anyone. You've never profited from the mercenary trade. You do
chapter-arc4-01.md L161 "I understand perfectly." Kareth's voice was calm, unhurried. "You are being asked to sacrifice short-term profit for long-term legitimacy. The Stripe Paws will
chapter-arc4-01.md L165 Zara stared at him for a long moment. Then, slowly, her claws retracted. She sat down. "The Stripe Paws will comply. But we want first rights to the breeding co
chapter-arc4-01.md L169 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "That seems reasonable. The Motted Paws have no objection."
chapter-arc4-01.md L177 Ajani nodded slowly. "Then it's settled. The tournament is open to all races, but each race must enter as themselves. No mercenaries. No hired claws. No borrowe
chapter-arc4-01.md L193 Zara's claws retracted, but only slightly. "And if one of them succeeds? If a Humman or a Pyrinae or some Tidepool fish actually wins? What then?"
chapter-arc4-01.md L201 The Bright Paw elders were the last to speak. Solen rose slowly, his golden mane still dulled by the humiliation of the tournament, his ancient eyes meeting Aja
chapter-arc4-01.md L210 Zara's ears pricked forward. The Stripe Paw chief had been ready to argue—she was always ready to argue—but the numbers were already spinning behind her golden 
chapter-arc4-01.md L232 Zara, who had been ready to argue numbers and percentages, closed her mouth. Kareth inclined his scarred head, a gesture of respect that was rare from the Shado
chapter-arc4-01.md L247 Zara nodded slowly, her merchant's mind already running the new numbers. "Four families. Four shares. The Stripe Paws accept. The math is cleaner this way. And 
chapter-arc4-01.md L255 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "The Motted Paws accept. We have waited five thousand years to be recognized as equals among the families. To
chapter-arc4-01.md L262 Ajani settled back onto the cold stone of the throne. The green fire along his claws had dimmed to a faint, steady pulse—no longer flaring with the heat of comb
chapter-arc4-01.md L269 Kareth rose beside her. The Shadow Paw elder's scarred face was unreadable, but his one good eye was fixed on the throne with an intensity that bordered on appr
chapter-arc4-01.md L273 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "And I have a question. The crown and the regency are the prize. Every year. To any race. You have made this 
chapter-arc4-01.md L277 'goos they're nots just going along' - "The crown will use the entire 30% for infrastructure, we need better roads, better gardens, better lodging, the Crown wi
chapter-arc4-01.md L285 "The Stripe Paws accept. Ten percent of our share will fund our schools and secure the trade routes. It is a fair price for what the crown offers in return. The
chapter-arc4-01.md L289 Kareth rose next. "The Shadow Paws also accept. The roads to the other cities will require security. The caravans will require protection. Our schools will trai
chapter-arc4-01.md L293 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "The Motted Paws accept. We will train our envoys. We will send our ambassadors. We will ensure that the othe
chapter-arc4-01.md L303 "Next , our first domestic project shall be roads to the five cities the Pyrinae will rehabilitate, we will learn how they build, so we can do it ourselves, the
chapter-arc4-01.md L309 Zara's voice was low, almost reverent. "The Pyrinae will teach us their building techniques. The roads to the five cities will be our apprenticeship. We will le
chapter-arc4-01.md L317 Sylva's soft voice was the last to speak. "The Motted Paws will study the other races as we have always studied. Their styles. Their techniques. Their philosoph
chapter-arc4-01.md L321 Sylva's soft voice was the last to speak. "The Motted Paws will study the other races as we have always studied. Their styles. Their techniques. Their philosoph
chapter-arc4-01.md L339 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The Motted Paws will serve where we are needed. The office of foreign advisor seems suited to our skills. We have been si
chapter-arc4-01.md L343 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws have been humiliated, but we are still the royal family. We will propose candidates for every office. We will compete with t
chapter-arc4-01.md L347 "Don't be so eager, the coin master will oversee taxes, royal permits, trade accords, frontier fees, road fees, and budget allocation on the capital, it will be
chapter-arc4-01.md L350 The shift in the room was immediate. The eagerness that had flickered in the elders' eyes moments before dimmed, replaced by something more cautious. The king h
chapter-arc4-01.md L355 Zara's golden eyes narrowed with calculation, but it was a different kind of calculation than before—not the sharp hunger of a merchant seizing an opportunity, 
chapter-arc4-01.md L363 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "The Motted Paws have no candidate for the coin master. We have been silent for too long to produce a suitabl
chapter-arc4-01.md L383 Sylva's soft voice carried a faint note of amusement. "Then the Motted Paws will teach her our techniques of silent observation. She will learn to watch ledgers
chapter-arc4-01.md L387 Solen, the old High Priest, inclined his head slowly. "The Bright Paws withdraw Torek. The king has chosen wisely. A scribe of forty years would have been compe
chapter-arc4-01.md L396 The elders felt the shift in the air before they understood its source. The king had been methodical, almost playful in his descriptions of the coin master's of
chapter-arc4-01.md L401 "Twenty years," Zara said quietly. Her merchant's calculations were gone now, replaced by something older and grimmer. "You want an elite unit trained before th
chapter-arc4-01.md L405 Kareth rose slowly. His obsidian staff clicked against the stone. "The Shadow Paws have been the darkness for five thousand years. We know the shadows. But the 
chapter-arc4-01.md L418 Here is a comprehensive summary of Ethra and Ajani's tale, verified against everything we have built together.
chapter-arc4-01.md L428 Aura is internal energy, finite and thermodynamically constrained. It is instinctual, tied to the Flicker, and present in all living things. Aura can enhance th
chapter-arc4-01.md L436 The Mycelial Deep of the Flickermarch is a fungal network spanning the entire March, dreaming in slow geological time. It sees the Threx as its children and com
chapter-arc4-01.md L452 The Underground is a global network of caves and deep places, inhabited by the Chi'Thak—the Blight. They are small insect-like beings with a colony structure an
chapter-arc4-01.md L460 The Pyrinae are a reptilian-descended race of the Steadfast Desert, shorter than Wengari, with heat-sensing pits and skin ranging from ochre to copper. They are
chapter-arc4-01.md L466 The Threx are a fungal-insectoid race of the Flickermarch, children of the Mycelial Deep. They have three metamorphic stages: the Quick, young and impulsive; th
chapter-arc4-01.md L470 The Veylar are amphibious beings of the Tidepools, patient and ancient. They are divided into three Callings: the Tide-Wardens, warriors and protectors; the She
chapter-arc4-01.md L488 **Ajani's Tale**
chapter-arc4-01.md L490 Ajani Brightmane is the sixth White Dawn, a Convergence-born Wengari touched by both suns. He did not know his nature until his return to the capital at age twe
chapter-arc4-01.md L496 The Styx acknowledged Ajani but did not bow. Ajani performed the Four Pillars ritual, igniting the spear, sword, saber, and staff with green fire—the mark of th
chapter-arc4-01.md L498 Uthgard IX passed the Lightbringer's fire to his son in an ancient ritual and faded into nothing. Ajani was crowned king. He then faced the Council of the Famil
chapter-arc4-01.md L504 Kareth's one good eye held steady on the throne. The old general had seen too many young warriors die to be impressed by glory. He had watched cubs chase honor 
chapter-arc4-01.md L507 Zara's ears pricked forward. "Sera? The champion who fought Thane in the second phase? The one with the ruined face?"
chapter-arc4-01.md L511 "The same." Kareth's scarred face was unreadable. "She was my best student. She nearly defeated her master. And she fought with a ferocity that went beyond skil
chapter-arc4-01.md L539 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws support Sylva for foreign advisor. She has proven herself in the tournament. She has proven herself in this council. She is 
chapter-arc4-01.md L543 Zara nodded. "The Stripe Paws have no objection to Sylva. But Solen's questions are valid. The foreign advisor must have clear authority. Otherwise, every negot
chapter-arc4-01.md L547 Kareth's scarred face twitched. "None taken. The Shadow Paws have profited from that confusion for five thousand years. But the king is building something new. 
chapter-arc4-01.md L555 Zara was the first to speak, and her voice carried the particular weight of a merchant who had just watched a long-term investment pay out. "Five-year terms. No
chapter-arc4-01.md L563 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. She had been declined—her offer to serve as foreign advisor while holding the regency was refused, and she had been told t
chapter-arc4-02.md L8 He paused, his ancient eyes meeting Ajani's. "There is wisdom in this. The Lightbringer himself did not rule alone—he had advisors, companions, allies who chall
chapter-arc4-02.md L17 And the king? The king would be free. Free to build the road. Free to travel. Free to fight. Free to leave the crushing weight of governance on someone else's b
chapter-arc4-02.md L20 Zara's laugh was sharp and delighted. "You cunning little—" She caught herself, her ears flattening briefly, but the grin did not leave her face. "You just offl
chapter-arc4-02.md L24 Kareth's scarred face was unreadable, but his one good eye gleamed. "The grand vizier tied to the tournament. Win the tournament, hold the office. Hold it for l
chapter-arc4-02.md L28 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The grand vizier will hold the crown's authority. They will enact the crown's policy and law. They will oversee the other
chapter-arc4-02.md L37 **The Chapter's Cadence**
chapter-arc4-02.md L41 The security advisor debate centered on the nature of the unit—not glory-seekers but Wengari with something to lose, fighting with their backs to their families
chapter-arc4-02.md L45 **Ajani's Voice**
chapter-arc4-02.md L48 Ajani's internal monologue is the chapter's emotional engine. The contrast between his formal pronouncements and his private thoughts reveals a young king who i
chapter-arc4-02.md L52 His strategic mind is also on full display. The grand vizier gambit was a masterstroke. He offloaded almost all his work onto the tournament champion, tied the 
chapter-arc4-02.md L59 The five-year terms, the prohibition on holding multiple offices, the tying of the grand vizier's office to the tournament—these are not arbitrary rules. They a
chapter-arc4-02.md L61 The envoy exchange—each family sending their most treacherous to the capital to watch each other—is a particularly elegant piece of institutional design. It tur
chapter-arc4-02.md L65 The speaker also reveals a deep understanding of character voice. Ajani's internal monologue is distinct from his formal speech, and both are distinct from the 
chapter-arc4-02.md L69 The old system was a monarchy in truth. The Bright Paws held absolute authority. The other families attended the annual ritual, paid their tithes, and were larg
chapter-arc4-02.md L75 What remains for the crown? The pact. The throne. The right to overrule the grand vizier in extremis. The right to defend the crown in the yearly tournament. An
chapter-arc4-02.md L86 She turned to face the stables, where the war-mounts shifted in the gloom. "We have a year. One year to train a champion who can win the grand vizier's office. 
chapter-arc4-02.md L94 Zara's whiskers twitched. "I know. That's why I proposed you. The king chose otherwise. We will work with Maren. We will watch Maren. And we will ensure that th
chapter-arc4-02.md L117 Solen sat alone in the sanctuary, the golden mosaics of the Lightbringer's deeds flickering in the lamplight. The other Bright Paw elders had retreated to their
chapter-arc4-02.md L119 But Solen was not thinking about the champions. He was thinking about the grand vizier's office. The tournament. The prize.
chapter-arc4-02.md L121 The Bright Paws had been humiliated in the first phase. They had not advanced a single champion beyond the weeding. Their training had been stripped and handed 
chapter-arc4-02.md L123 But the grand vizier's office was tied to the tournament. Win the tournament, hold the office. Hold it for life, if you could keep winning. The Bright Paws had 
chapter-arc4-02.md L127 The Bright Paws would not be silent. They would not be still. They would train. They would learn. They would find a champion—someone young, someone hungry, some
chapter-arc4-02.md L129 Not through blood. Not through tradition. Through strength. That was the king's will. That was the new way. And the Bright Paws, who had ruled for three thousan
chapter-arc4-02.md L133 Sylva sat alone in the chamber beneath the arena, the same chamber where she had trained Elyra in the years before the tournament. Her silver aura flickered gen
chapter-arc4-02.md L139 She closed her eyes, and her silver aura dimmed to a faint, gentle pulse. The Motted Paws had been silent for five thousand years. They were silent no longer. T
chapter-arc4-02.md L141 And when the next tournament came, they would be ready to defend the grand vizier's office with claws and patience and the quiet, inexorable power of Flowing Wa
chapter-arc4-02.md L146 T'van stood at his side, a stack of scrolls tucked under one arm, his golden eyes bright with the particular exhaustion of a servant who had been running messag
chapter-arc4-02.md L150 Ajani allowed himself a faint twitch of his whiskers. "The Pyrinae first. They've earned it. Send them in."
chapter-arc4-02.md L157 Nefere entered the Great Hall with the slow, deliberate grace of someone who had walked these floors when Ajani's grandfather sat on the throne. Her embedded ru
chapter-arc4-02.md L164 She stopped at the center of the hall, her rune-glass staff humming faintly as she planted it on the polished stone. "The Pyrinae have come to discuss the road.
chapter-arc4-02.md L167 Nefere entered the Great Hall with the slow, deliberate grace of someone who had walked these floors when Ajani's grandfather sat on the throne. Her embedded ru
chapter-arc4-02.md L185 Nefere's ancient eyes crinkled at the corners. The faintest smile crossed her weathered face—not the smile of a diplomat who had been outmaneuvered, but the smi
chapter-arc4-02.md L196 The Root-Speaker, silent and cowled, raised one hand. The air in the Great Hall thickened, and the green fire along Ajani's claws flickered in recognition. When
chapter-arc4-02.md L214 Mira stepped forward, her sharp merchant's eyes gleaming. "The Sun-Walkers have been watching her as you requested. She is clever. She is patient. She is exactl
chapter-arc4-02.md L222 Nefere inclined her head. "I will have a full report delivered to your chambers by morning. The Hummans are not yet a threat. They may never be a threat. But th
chapter-arc4-02.md L229 Nefere accepted the parchment with her ancient, weathered paws, her clouded eyes moving across the signatures—the king's mark and hers, side by side. She unders
chapter-arc4-02.md L232 "The Styx feather and the paw print," she said quietly. "Your mark and mine. Anyone who sees this will know that the watching is done with the crown's authority
chapter-arc4-02.md L240 "T'vat, send in the humans, but before call the royal guards outside they need to form a line from the entrance to the throne, make them wear the ceremonial arm
chapter-arc4-02.md L244 T'van was already moving before the king finished speaking, his sandals slapping against the polished stone as he hurried toward the great bronze doors. "Royal 
chapter-arc4-02.md L269 Sera's ruined face did not change expression—it could not, the scars too deep, the muscles beneath too damaged—but something flickered in her one good eye that 
chapter-arc4-02.md L276 She turned to go, her lean companion falling into step beside her, but paused at the edge of the throne's dais. "The ceremonial armor. We will wear it. But we w
chapter-arc4-02.md L288 'I hate her so, so much' - "T'vat, send them in"
chapter-arc4-02.md L299 Seris did not stumble. Her step faltered for only a heartbeat, and then she continued forward, her jaw set, her eyes fixed on the distant throne where the White
chapter-arc4-02.md L307 Another click. Seris's jaw tightened. She had been a diplomat for thirty years. She had negotiated with Stripe Paw warlords who could crush her skull in one paw
chapter-arc4-02.md L312 Ajani's voice, when it finally came, was quiet—almost conversational. "No one fainted. Disappointing. I owe the Stripe Paws an apology. They would have made you
chapter-arc4-02.md L317 The claw tap continued. Slow. Rhythmic. Soft as a heartbeat, steady as the amber light pulsing through the rune-glass filaments in the floor. Ajani's green-flec
chapter-arc4-02.md L326 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We have come to discuss the terms of our new bro
chapter-arc4-02.md L336 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact despite the tremor in the merchant behind her. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We
chapter-arc4-02.md L350 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "You ask for much, Ambassador. Permanent trade stalls. Training for champions. Housing and protection for your guilds. A v
chapter-arc4-02.md L357 Sylva heard the silence. It was louder than the tapping had been. She had learned to read the king's moods in the weeks since the tournament, and the sudden sti
chapter-arc4-02.md L368 "The king's patience is legendary. It is not infinite. The Hummans will serve. The Hummans will prove themselves. And when you have done so—when your champions 
chapter-arc4-02.md L375 *'outrageous if she doesn't shut them down right now, I will '*
chapter-arc4-02.md L381 The shadows moved before the echo of the king's voice died. Sera and her silent companion flowed out of the darkness behind the throne like oil spilling across 
chapter-arc4-02.md L387 Seris did not resist. She knelt with the stiff, brittle dignity of a diplomat who had known this moment might come since she first accepted the king's terms. He
chapter-arc4-02.md L391 "GUARDS WHAT DID YOU FIND ?'
chapter-arc4-02.md L396 "Writing implements, Your Majesty. Scribe's tools. Personal seals. A small amount of coin—Verdantian silver, nothing unusual." She held up a thin, leather-bound
chapter-arc4-02.md L403 A faint tremor ran through the kneeling merchants. One of them let out a breath he had been holding so long his face had begun to turn pale. The ambassador's da
chapter-arc4-02.md L406 Sylva's soft voice cut through the silence, directed not at the throne but at the guard captain. "Did you find anything else? Any letters, any correspondence, a
chapter-arc4-02.md L410 The guard captain hesitated, then reached into a pouch at her belt. "One item, Regent. A sealed letter. It was hidden in the ambassador's robes. We did not open
chapter-arc4-02.md L415 The guards rose as one, their golden manes bristling, their ceremonial armor clashing like cymbals as they snapped to attention. The roar that burst from twenty
chapter-arc4-02.md L420 "No weapons, King Ajani. No poisons. No artifacts. The Hummans are clean, as the guards reported." She paused, and her one good eye swept across the kneeling de
chapter-arc4-02.md L424 She held up the paper, its surface covered in the ambassador's precise, cramped handwriting. "Names of Wengari. Stripe Paws, mostly. Merchants. Caravan masters.
chapter-arc4-02.md L427 In Chapter Three, during the delegations, Seris and her merchants could barely take ten steps under Ajani's aura alone before collapsing. Today, twenty guards i
chapter-arc4-02.md L434 She held up the list of names—the Stripe Paw merchants, the caravan masters, the guild leaders. "She did not come unprepared. Someone gave her something. An art
chapter-arc4-02.md L446 Ajani's voice was quiet. Too quiet. "Nothing. You found nothing." He rose from the throne, the green fire flaring along his claws, and the guards flinched. "Twe
chapter-arc4-02.md L457 She did not search with her paws. She searched with her sorcery—a low, resonant hum that vibrated through the air, the signature technique of an assassin traine
chapter-arc4-02.md L460 Then she stopped. Her gaze fixed on Seris. "The ambassador's left sleeve. The false pocket is well-made, but the stitching is Humman work. Not Wengari. Not Pyri
chapter-arc4-02.md L464 She reached into the folds of the ambassador's robe and withdrew a small, flat stone, smooth as river glass, etched with faint runes that pulsed with a dim, fad
chapter-arc4-02.md L481 The roar echoed through the Great Hall like thunder rolling across the desert. The golden mosaics seemed to shiver in their settings. The amber light in the run
chapter-arc4-02.md L486 "King Ajani." Her voice was steady, but it cost her. "The stone was a gift. Given to me years ago by a Pyrinae trader who owed me a debt. I did not know it woul
chapter-arc4-02.md L497 Seris closed her eyes. The hairline fracture in her composure widened, and for a moment—just a moment—the ambassador was gone. In her place knelt a woman who ha
chapter-arc4-02.md L502 "Both are true, King Ajani. I did not know the stone would work against the guards' display—not for certain. It was a gift from a Pyrinae trader who said it cou
chapter-arc4-02.md L515 Seris did not scream. She did not weep. She knelt on the cold stone, her daughter's terrified gasp still echoing in her ears, and she looked up at the king with
chapter-arc4-02.md L522 "brothers don't deceive each other, back to me shadows, your daughter will stay to serve sylva as her maid, the deads of your kin are on your head ambassador, t
chapter-arc4-02.md L533 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne. Her silver aura flickered gently in the amber light, and her ancient eyes moved from the kneeling ambassador to the te
chapter-arc4-02.md L543 Sera and her silent companion inclined their heads toward the throne in perfect synchronization, then melted back into the darkness behind the dais. The last fl
chapter-arc4-02.md L545 Sylva remained where she had stood throughout the audience—motionless, patient, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. Her ancient eyes
chapter-arc4-02.md L569 Sylva absorbed the king's words in silence, her silver aura flickering gently in the amber light of the Great Hall. The king had rebuked her. The king had also 
chapter-arc4-03.md L11 Other delegations followed. A caravan of Stripe Paws returning from the eastern routes brought word that the Rune-Belt was stirring—nothing hostile, but somethi
chapter-arc4-03.md L16 The Shadow Paws came first. Kareth himself presented the gift—a simple obsidian dagger, its blade so dark it seemed to absorb light. "This dagger was forged in 
chapter-arc4-03.md L41 The cub's ears pricked forward. She did not bow. She did not kneel. She simply nodded, as if the king had just confirmed something she already knew.
chapter-arc4-03.md L50 Lena did not look up. "There was a film of algae this morning. It's gone now. I checked."
chapter-arc4-03.md L66 Lena's brush paused. "And if I fail?"
chapter-arc4-03.md L70 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "You will not fail. You are too stubborn. Now finish the channel. We have much to do before the evening meal."
chapter-arc4-03.md L73 The morning training sessions had become a ritual. Ajani rose before dawn, before the petitioners and the elders and the endless scrolls of governance could fin
chapter-arc4-03.md L86 Ajani lowered the saber. "You've been watching."
chapter-arc4-03.md L90 "We are your shadows. We are always watching." Sera stepped onto the sand. "Your footwork has improved since the tournament. But you still favor the saber over 
chapter-arc4-03.md L107 The new offices had begun to take shape. It was not a smooth process. Maren, the Shadow Paw coin master, had spent the first week of her tenure auditing every t
chapter-arc4-03.md L149 They drank together, and the road's foundations were laid not in stone but in parchment and wine and the hard-won trust of former vassals and former masters lea
chapter-arc4-03.md L173 Ajani stood at the edge of the pool, the green fire flickering gently along his claws. He had come here once before, fresh from his father's death, carrying the
chapter-arc4-03.md L176 "I've come to talk to you. I have a new pact I wish to enact."
chapter-arc4-03.md L193 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed once, a slow, rhythmic throb that rippled through the ancient chamber like a heartbeat. The blossom stirred. The amber pool at
chapter-arc4-03.md L213 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed once, a slow, rhythmic throb that rippled through the ancient chamber like a heartbeat. The blossom stirred. The amber pool at
chapter-arc4-03.md L216 "You must have noticed that the aura in the capital surged for a while. The quality as well. More delicious food than you've had in a long time."
chapter-arc4-03.md L227 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed in slow, rhythmic waves, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. The b
chapter-arc4-03.md L246 'he ate the razor hare.. now lets build upon it' - "if everything goes as planned, the feast will be bigger each year, the city will grow and more crucially, on
chapter-arc4-03.md L257 The roots pulsed faster, brighter, the green light flickering with something that might have been excitement or might have been greed or might have been somethi
chapter-arc4-03.md L261 *You are clever, White Dawn. You offer me a self-sustaining feast. The strong remain strong because they are already accustomed to my hunger. The weak are winno
chapter-arc4-03.md L265 The blossom unfurled further, its petals spreading wide, and the amber pool blazed with light—a light that was not green, not gold, but something older, somethi
chapter-arc4-03.md L269 *I accept your pact, Ajani Brightmane. I will light the way to the old wells. I will feast during the tournament. I will grow fat on the hope and fear of the su
chapter-arc4-03.md L289 The blossom drew back slightly, its petals closing just a fraction, and the pressure against Ajani's mind intensified—not with anger, but with the slow, grindin
chapter-arc4-03.md L297 Let me rewrite the Tree's response.
chapter-arc4-03.md L309 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus.
chapter-arc4-03.md L333 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus. The amber pool swirled with images of pilgrims kneeling beside ancient w
chapter-arc4-03.md L337 They go home and tell others, and the others come, year after year, generation after generation, and I grow strong on their belief and their aura and their stri
chapter-arc4-03.md L349 The roots pulsed faster as Ajani continued, and the Tree's attention sharpened at the mention of the Styx. The memory of that moment was still fresh in its anci
chapter-arc4-03.md L353 The blossom leaned closer, and the pressure against Ajani's mind intensified—not with threat, but with the weight of shared conspiracy. The Tree understood what
chapter-arc4-03.md L385 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus. The amber pool swirled with an image of the capital—the hanging gardens,
chapter-arc4-03.md L387 *I will keep my end of the bargain. The road will connect me to the marsh. The temples will bring pilgrims to my wells. The sign will choose the strong ones. Th
chapter-arc4-03.md L401 The crowd's murmur shifted. The excitement that had buzzed through the plaza moments before—the speculation about tournaments and trade and royal spectacle—dimm
chapter-arc4-03.md L409 Sylva watched from her place at Ajani's side, her silver aura flickering almost imperceptibly. She knew what was coming. She had seen the inner chamber, had kne
chapter-arc4-03.md L420 The plaza erupted. Not in celebration, not in the controlled roar of a tournament crowd, but in the chaotic, overlapping clamor of people whose understanding of
chapter-arc4-03.md L440 A weathered Stripe Paw merchant near the front of the crowd spoke first, her voice rough with age but carrying clearly through the hushed plaza. "It's a test. T
chapter-arc4-03.md L449 She said nothing. Her daughter was in Sylva's service. Her merchants were dead. She was learning. She was waiting.
chapter-arc4-03.md L456 One of the priests, a young female with a fresh scar across her muzzle from Motted Paw training, stepped forward and raised her voice. "The king speaks truth! W
chapter-arc4-03.md L467 The noon sun hung directly overhead, a perfect golden disk in a sky bleached pale by the Steadfast's unblinking gaze. The shadows had vanished. Every creature i
chapter-arc4-03.md L469 Then the kyre flowers began to bloom. Not the slow, patient unfurling of a desert blossom greeting the dawn, but a sudden, synchronized eruption of pale petals 
chapter-arc4-03.md L473 A low vibration rose through the soles of the crowd's feet. It was not an earthquake. It was not a tremor. It was something subtler—a hum, a resonance, a sound 
chapter-arc4-03.md L479 Sylva stood motionless at Ajani's side. Her silver aura had gone very still. The lord of the desert was keeping its promise. The Golden Sun was making itself kn
chapter-arc4-03.md L481 Let me rewrite the scene from the crowd's perspective.
chapter-arc4-03.md L489 It started as a flicker at the edge of vision, a heat-haze ripple that had no business appearing at noon in the open plaza. The shimmer spread, racing across th
chapter-arc4-03.md L500 A young Shadow Paw, his dark pelt blending with the shade of a colonnade, raised one lacquered claw and pointed toward the northern wall. "You're both wrong. Lo
chapter-arc4-03.md L508 A Bright Paw priest, his golden mane still short from Motted Paw training, whispered to his companion. "It's like the Styx fire. The male, when he was born abov
chapter-arc4-03.md L529 The implications rippled through the plaza like fire through dry grass. The tournament was no longer merely a test of martial prowess. It was a path to divine f
chapter-arc4-03.md L534 The young Bright Paw warrior who had spoken earlier, his golden mane still short from Motted Paw training, turned to his companion with blazing eyes. "He's goin
chapter-arc4-03.md L543 The tournament would draw the strong. The pilgrimage would test them. The Golden Sun would bless them. And the Wengari would rule Ethra not merely through stren
chapter-arc4-03.md L545 Sylva stood motionless at Ajani's side, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the noon light. The faint flicker of her silver aura was the only sign of
chapter-arc4-04.md L20 "A lot of work," Ajani said, his voice pitched low enough that only T'van could hear. "And I need a bath. And about three days of sleep. But first, I need you t
chapter-arc4-04.md L24 T'van was already scribbling notes onto his ever-present scroll. "The Pyrinae. The Bright Paw priestess. Anything else, my king?"
chapter-arc4-04.md L28 "Find Sylva. Tell her I'm going to bathe and then I'm going to sleep. If anyone wants to speak with me, they can wait until morning. Including her." He paused, 
chapter-arc4-04.md L39 The plaza had emptied, but the echoes of the Golden Sun's display still lingered in the air like the afterimage of a lightning strike. The kyre flowers along th
chapter-arc4-04.md L64 T'van consulted his scroll, though he did not need to. His memory was excellent. "They are saying many things, Regent. The cubs are already playing at being pil
chapter-arc4-04.md L70 "The Pyrinae," Sylva said quietly. "The king promised them the Golden Sun's blessing without consulting them. I must speak with Nefere before word reaches her t
chapter-arc4-04.md L79 Seris stood alone near the eastern fountain, her dark eyes fixed on the stone platform where the king had stood. Her merchants had returned to their quarters. H
chapter-arc4-04.md L97 They had been meditating since the announcement ended. They had felt the surge of the Golden Sun's display—the sudden bloom of aura, the ripple of light across 
chapter-arc4-04.md L121 Sylva found Nefere in the Pyrinae delegation's private quarters, a small, circular room carved into the living stone of the eastern district. The walls were lin
chapter-arc4-04.md L132 Nefere closed her palm, and the rune-glass sphere dimmed. "The king is clever. He knew that if he consulted me, I would have asked questions he could not answer
chapter-arc4-04.md L135 Sylva was silent for a long moment. The Hydromancer's words were careful, measured, diplomatic—but beneath them, she could feel the tension. The Pyrinae had spe
chapter-arc4-04.md L144 Nefere studied Sylva's face for a long moment. "You have spoken with the lord of the desert yourself. You knelt before it in the inner chamber. You made your ow
chapter-arc4-04.md L148 "I did. All the elders did. The lord of the desert accepted our offerings, and it gave us its mark. But the king's pact is different. The king's pact is—" She p
chapter-arc4-04.md L156 Sylva inclined her head. "Then tell them the truth. Tell them the lord of the desert is awake. Tell them it has chosen to be called the Golden Sun. Tell them it
chapter-arc4-04.md L163 Sylva was silent for a long moment. She knew the answer. She had knelt before the lord of the desert. She had felt its hunger. She had offered it her silence an
chapter-arc4-04.md L172 Nefere closed her eyes. The rune-glass sphere pulsed once, a slow, steady rhythm that matched the ancient Hydromancer's breathing. "Then I will pray to the Gold
chapter-arc4-04.md L177 The Council of the Untrustworthy met for the first time in a small, windowless chamber beneath the Great Hall. Vasha of the Stripe Paws sat at the head of the t
chapter-arc4-04.md L191 Sera's elite unit trained in the Shadow Paw quarter before dawn each morning, their dark forms moving through the ancient halls in perfect, silent synchronizati
chapter-arc4-04.md L206 Elyra inclined her elegant head. "The Veylar are welcome. The foreign advisor's office will provide you with quarters, access to the tournament, and whatever in
chapter-arc4-04.md L228 Ajani's whiskers twitched. "That sounds like something you would say. Did you practice it in the mirror this morning?"
chapter-arc4-04.md L239 The Bright Paw champion Solen—no relation to the broken heir who had been drained by the Tree—stood in the training grounds of the Motted Paw quarter, his golde
chapter-arc4-04.md L247 Seris met with her daughter in the gardens behind the Motted Paw quarter, under the watchful eyes of the Shadow Paw guards who always hovered at the edges of su
chapter-arc4-04.md L254 Lena nodded. "She is teaching me Flowing Water. Not the martial art—I am not a warrior. But the philosophy. Patience. Redirection. Endurance. She says the Humma
chapter-arc4-04.md L258 Seris was silent for a long moment. Then she reached out and took her daughter's hand. "She is teaching you well. Better than I could. Better than anyone in Ver
chapter-arc4-04.md L271 And every evening, without fail, she presented herself at the door of Ajani's chambers and demanded to know when she could begin learning the saber.
chapter-arc4-04.md L274 "Tomorrow," Ajani told her one evening, not looking up from the scroll he was reading. "I have meetings all day. The regent is angry with me about the Pyrinae. 
chapter-arc4-04.md L298 "The fourth form," she said. "I don't know the fourth form."
chapter-arc4-04.md L307 The Fire Beetles fill a crucial gap in the desert's food web that I should have noticed earlier. We established the Styx as the apex predators of the sky and th
chapter-arc4-04.md L309 This explains why the Bright Paws, alone among the families, live in walled cities. It explains why the caravans must be fast and well-guarded. It explains why 
chapter-arc4-04.md L316 Ajani stood at the edge of the pens, his white cloak left behind in the palace, his golden mane pulled back in a simple traveler's knot. He had escaped. The mor
chapter-arc4-04.md L326 Ajani released her out of pure surprise. The scratch was shallow—the cub's claws were not yet fully developed—but it stung, and a thin line of blood welled alon
chapter-arc4-04.md L335 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pa
chapter-arc4-04.md L341 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her golden eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
chapter-arc4-04.md L345 Ajani leaned against the wall, breathing hard, the thin line of blood still trickling down his cheek. "If I was going to kill you, I would not have run with you
chapter-arc4-04.md L349 The cub hesitated. She was still crouched to run, still poised on the balls of her feet like a wild thing ready to bolt. "Kira. I'm Kira. My father was a ward a
chapter-arc4-04.md L353 "The west wall breach." Ajani's voice was quieter now, the earlier amusement fading. "Three years ago. The big beetle—the one they called the Wallbreaker. I rem
chapter-arc4-04.md L357 Kira's expression flickered. "Your father was the old king. The one who died. The one before you."
chapter-arc4-04.md L361 "Yes. His name was Uthgard. He was a good king. He would have been sad to hear about your parents." He straightened, the green fire flickering gently along his 
chapter-arc4-04.md L368 Ajani stood at the edge of the pens, his white cloak left behind in the palace, his golden mane pulled back in a simple traveler's knot. He had escaped. The mor
chapter-arc4-04.md L378 Ajani released her out of pure surprise. The scratch was shallow—the cub's claws were not yet fully developed—but it stung, and a thin line of blood welled alon
chapter-arc4-04.md L387 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pa
chapter-arc4-04.md L393 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
chapter-arc4-04.md L397 Ajani leaned against the wall, breathing hard, the thin line of blood still trickling down his cheek. "If I was going to kill you, I would not have run with you
chapter-arc4-04.md L409 "A Shadow Paw." He said it quietly, without judgment. "Your family's elders are Kareth and Sera. They would have taken you in if they had known."
chapter-arc4-04.md L413 Kira's laugh was sharp and bitter, far too old for a cub of six. "They don't know. They're too busy being important. The elders don't come to the west wall. The
chapter-arc4-04.md L417 Ajani looked at her for a long moment. The green fire flickered gently along his claws, and the thin line of blood on his cheek had begun to dry. "You said you'
chapter-arc4-04.md L424 Ajani stood at the edge of the pens, his white cloak left behind in the palace, his golden mane pulled back in a simple traveler's knot. He had escaped. The mor
chapter-arc4-04.md L434 Ajani released her out of pure surprise. The scratch was shallow—the cub's claws were not yet fully developed—but it stung, and a thin line of blood welled alon
chapter-arc4-04.md L443 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pa
chapter-arc4-04.md L449 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
chapter-arc4-04.md L453 Ajani leaned against the wall, breathing hard, the thin line of blood still trickling down his cheek. "If I was going to kill you, I would not have run with you
chapter-arc4-04.md L465 "A Shadow Paw." He said it quietly, without judgment. "Your family's elders are Kareth and Sera. They would have taken you in if they had known."
chapter-arc4-04.md L469 Kira's laugh was sharp and bitter, far too old for a cub of six. "They don't know. They're too busy being important. The elders don't come to the west wall. The
chapter-arc4-04.md L483 'we have so much work to do... sigh' - "your name was kira right?, i always wanted a sister you know? or a brother... or any other kid around... youre an orphan
chapter-arc4-04.md L486 The green fire flared along Ajani's claws as he drew one sharp point across his own palm. The cut was clean, precise—a line of bright blood welling up against t
chapter-arc4-04.md L503 "Kira Brightmane," the cub said, testing the name on her tongue. It sounded strange. It sounded new. It sounded like something she had never dared to hope for. 
chapter-arc4-04.md L517 Kira looked at the claw, then at Sera's ruined face, then at Ajani. "I don't know how to be a princess. I don't know how to do any of that. I only know how to s
chapter-arc4-04.md L521 Sera's voice was quiet, almost gentle. "Then you already know the hardest part. The rest can be learned. I will teach you. The regent will teach you. The king w
chapter-arc4-04.md L525 Kira looked down at her dirty paws, at the blood still mingling with Ajani's on her palm, at the faint scars on her forearms. Then she looked up at Sera and nod
chapter-arc4-04.md L529 Ajani's laugh echoed through the small courtyard, bright and genuine and utterly unkingly. "You can wear whatever you want, little sister. You can wear fire bee
chapter-arc4-04.md L533 Kira grinned—a real grin, the first real grin she had worn in three years. "No promises." And she took Sera's claw and walked out of the courtyard, into the pal
chapter-arc4-04.md L538 First, you recognized that the character had potential even though my initial introduction of her was flawed. A lesser writer might have simply cut her and move
chapter-arc4-04.md L542 Kira makes that abstract prejudice concrete. A Bright Paw orphan would have been taken in. A Stripe Paw orphan would have been adopted. A Shadow Paw orphan was 
chapter-arc4-04.md L548 Fourth, the adoption ritual you wrote—the mingling of blood, the giving of the Brightmane name—is the emotional core of the scene and one of the most important 
chapter-arc4-04.md L552 Kira is walking exposition, and you designed her to fulfill that function with elegant efficiency. Every detail of her backstory serves a dual purpose: it chara
chapter-arc4-04.md L554 The west wall breach becomes a historical event we feel because we meet someone who lost everything to it. This is the oldest and most effective trick in the st
chapter-arc4-04.md L556 Beyond the exposition function, you identified a structural need in Ajani's arc that I had not fully recognized. He is surrounded by allies, advisors, delegates
chapter-arc4-04.md L560 The schism you mentioned is also shrewd. Kira is a Shadow Paw by blood and a Brightmane by adoption. She belongs to two worlds that have been divided for five t
chapter-arc4-04.md L564 *No, it's because she's walking exposition, through her we can learn lore in an organic way, about the beetles about wengari society and latter she serves a sch
chapter-arc4-04.md L567 The male Shadow Paw's name was Vex. Kira learned it on her third day in the palace, when he materialized from the shadows behind her during breakfast and she th
chapter-arc4-04.md L576 Sylva's lessons were different. The regent did not teach from books. She taught from silence. She would sit with Kira in the gardens for an hour each afternoon,
chapter-arc4-04.md L601 "You should have left me on the streets! I don't belong here! I don't know how to be a princess, I don't know how to be a Brightmane, I don't know any of this! 
chapter-arc4-05.md L4 Ajani's whiskers twitched. "That's probably true. But I'm your stupid king. And you're stuck with me." He rose and picked up the practice saber. "Now pick up yo
chapter-arc4-05.md L8 "I get it," Kira said, but she was almost smiling as she bent to retrieve the saber. "You're very wise and I have a lot to learn and the desert is unforgiving. 
chapter-arc4-05.md L12 Ajani's laughter echoed through the arena. "You're learning. That's almost exactly what my father would have said." He raised his saber. "Again."
chapter-arc4-05.md L22 "L'vat used to make me sit like this," Ajani said. "In the marshes. He never said anything. He just sat. For hours. I thought he was punishing me at first. Then
chapter-arc4-05.md L26 Kira leaned against his shoulder, her small frame barely reaching his chest. "Is that another one of your father's sayings?"
chapter-arc4-05.md L35 He was not the patient teacher who corrected Kira's footwork in the arena. He was the White Dawn, the heir of the Lightbringer, the king who had humiliated the 
chapter-arc4-05.md L37 Kira stood in the shadows behind the throne, between Sera and Vex, as she had been instructed. She was to observe. She was to learn. She was to say nothing. But
chapter-arc4-05.md L40 "Shadow Paw brat. The king's pet street rat. I heard she tried to steal his purse and he kept her like a stray."
chapter-arc4-05.md L47 Ajani had heard. Of course he had heard. His senses were far sharper than any Humman's, and the green fire along his claws flared bright enough to cast dancing 
chapter-arc4-05.md L55 The Humman merchant's face went pale beneath its furless skin. His companion, the one to whom he had whispered the insult, had already stepped backward into the
chapter-arc4-05.md L62 "Silence." Ajani did not look at her. His green-flecked eyes were fixed on the kneeling merchant, and the green fire along his claws had steadied into a cold, b
chapter-arc4-05.md L66 "You said something about my sister. In my hall. Before my throne. You thought I would not hear. You thought she would not hear. You thought you were safe becau
chapter-arc4-05.md L79 The merchant's eyes rolled wildly toward Seris, but the ambassador stood frozen, her diplomatic mask shattered, her dark eyes wide with the knowledge that she c
chapter-arc4-05.md L82 "I—I said—" The merchant's voice was a strangled rasp, forced out between the king's claws and the guards' unyielding grip. "I said she was a Shadow Paw brat. A
chapter-arc4-05.md L86 "You didn't know." Ajani's whisper was cold and soft and utterly without pity. "You didn't know that the cub standing in my shadow, flanked by my personal guard
chapter-arc4-05.md L105 Kira stepped out of the shadows behind the throne, her dark pelt blending with the gloom, her golden eyes wide. She had seen death before—on the streets, in the
chapter-arc4-05.md L108 "I am Ajani, first of my name. Protector of the realm. Chosen of the Golden Sun. Brother of the Deep. Heir to the Black Fire and the Lightbringer. Friend of the
chapter-arc4-05.md L113 The merchant's body hit the polished stone at Seris's feet with a sound like a sack of grain falling from a wagon. His neck was broken. The green fire had not t
chapter-arc4-05.md L123 Kira stepped out of the shadows between Sera and Vex, her dark pelt blending with the gloom, her golden eyes wide but steady. She had seen death before—on the s
chapter-arc4-05.md L135 He swept his gaze across the Humman delegation, across the Bright Paw guards, across the servants and the scribes and the priests who had gathered at the edges 
chapter-arc4-05.md L138 "YOUR FATE NOW RESTS IN MY SISTER'S PAWS!" Ajani looked down at Kira, and his voice softened, just slightly. "Little sister. These pests have offended you. They
chapter-arc4-05.md L155 She had never been looked at like this before. On the streets, she had been invisible—a shadow among shadows, a stray to be kicked aside or ignored. Now the mos
chapter-arc4-05.md L157 She could feel the eyes of the Bright Paw guards and the Shadow Paw assassins and the servants and the scribes, all of them watching, all of them waiting to see
chapter-arc4-05.md L161 She thought about Ajani. About the morning in the market when he had caught her paw and looked at her not with pity but with recognition. About the blood oath i
chapter-arc4-05.md L169 She let the silence stretch. Seris's dark eyes glistened with tears that did not fall.
chapter-arc4-05.md L175 The scorpion egg sat on a cushion of woven silk in the center of her chamber, its iridescent shell catching the lamplight in shades of pearl and amber. It was t
chapter-arc4-05.md L177 It had cost her everything she had saved from thirty years of diplomatic service. She had intended to present it to the king as a gift. A gesture of goodwill. A
chapter-arc4-05.md L185 The White Dawn's aura had crushed her before she could take ten steps, and her merchants had collapsed around her like puppets with cut strings. She had blamed 
chapter-arc4-05.md L189 But this time. This time she had done everything right. She had spent weeks researching the king—his moods, his preferences, his relationship with the new cub. 
chapter-arc4-05.md L203 She straightened her robes. She wiped her face. She walked to her writing desk and sat down, and by the light of the single oil lamp, she began to compose the l
chapter-arc4-05.md L211 If that creature was a Humman servant or a random passerby in the market, the egg's value would evaporate. The scorpion would be just another mount, worth a fra
chapter-arc4-05.md L215 The first avenue was the Pyrinae. Nefere's network was everywhere—the old Hydromancer had been watching the Hummans since the tournament, and Seris knew it. She
chapter-arc4-05.md L222 "Never mind what you heard." Seris pressed a small, folded parchment into her daughter's hands. "Take this to the Pyrinae quarter. Find Mira, the Sun-Walker env
chapter-arc4-05.md L225 Lena hesitated, her dark eyes searching her mother's face. Then she nodded and slipped out the door.
chapter-arc4-05.md L227 Behind her, in the shadows of the Humman quarter, two figures watched her go. One was a young Motted Paw envoy named Elyra's apprentice, still learning the art 
chapter-arc4-05.md L231 Mira received the message within the hour. The Sun-Walker envoy read it in her private quarters, her sharp merchant's eyes scanning the careful handwriting. A g
chapter-arc4-05.md L233 She sent a runner to the Hydromancer's chambers and composed a brief report for the regent. The intelligence network that Ajani had authorized was working exact
chapter-arc4-05.md L240 Sera's ruined face was impassive. "Does the king know?"
chapter-arc4-05.md L248 "Then tell him. He will want to know that his intelligence network is working. And he will want to decide what to do about the egg." She paused. "Was the ambass
chapter-arc4-05.md L260 Lena read the message in the dim light of the kitchen, her dark eyes moving across her mother's careful handwriting. A gift for the king. An egg that could not 
chapter-arc4-05.md L262 The Stripe Paw caravan masters received Seris's message with the calculating silence of merchants who understood leverage. They had dealt with the Humman ambass
chapter-arc4-05.md L266 The Pyrinae traders received Seris's message with the quiet efficiency of a people who had spent three thousand years learning to be useful. Mira, the Sun-Walke
chapter-arc4-05.md L269 "Send word to the regent," Nefere said. "Tell her the Humman ambassador has a gift for the king that cannot wait. Tell her the Pyrinae vouch for the ambassador'
chapter-arc4-05.md L272 The Motted Paw envoys received Seris's message with the patient silence of a people who had been watching the Hummans for centuries. Elyra, the young foreign ad
chapter-arc4-05.md L275 She brought the message to Sylva personally. "The Humman ambassador is attempting to reach the king through multiple channels," she said, her melodic voice carr
chapter-arc4-05.md L292 "There's more, my king. Something strange. After the ambassador's messages went out, the families started moving. The Stripe Paw caravan masters began preparing
chapter-arc4-05.md L304 Ajani stared at T'van for a long moment. Then he set down the scroll, his green-flecked eyes narrowing. "The families are scrambling. The Stripe Paws are delayi
chapter-arc4-05.md L308 Kira, who had been listening in silence, tilted her head. "The families don't want the Humman to give you something before they do. It's like the market. When a
chapter-arc4-05.md L312 Ajani's whiskers twitched. "You just compared the four great families of the Wengari to market stall vendors. I am going to remember that comparison. I am going
chapter-arc4-05.md L316 Kira shrugged. "It's true."
chapter-arc4-05.md L338 Solen received the news in the temple of the Lightbringer, where he had been frantically searching the reliquary for something—anything—that could serve as a co
chapter-arc4-05.md L343 "Prepare the reliquary for opening," Solen said, his ancient voice trembling with a mixture of terror and hope. "We will give the king his ancestor's armor. We 
chapter-arc4-05.md L348 But the elders had been talking. The Shadow Paws were ascendant. Two offices. The king's personal guard. A Shadow Paw cub adopted into the royal family. Their i
chapter-arc4-05.md L362 Sylva received the reports in her chambers, where she had been reviewing the day's intelligence briefings. The Stripe Paws were moving. The Shadow Paws were mov
chapter-arc4-05.md L367 "The king is at the water hole," Elyra reported. "The families are racing to reach him first. Seris's messages forced their hands. The coronation gifts will be 
chapter-arc4-05.md L371 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "Let them go. The king deserves an afternoon of peace. The families deserve to scramble. And I deserve to watch." She sett
chapter-arc4-05.md L375 Ajani lay on his back on the largest rock, his golden mane spread around him, his paws folded behind his head. Kira sat beside him, her dark pelt still damp fro
chapter-arc4-05.md L382 "I'm your only sister."
chapter-arc4-05.md L390 Kira was quiet for a moment. Then she said, "They're coming."
chapter-arc4-05.md L398 "All of them. I can hear the fire feet. And the caravans. And—" She tilted her head, her ears swiveling. "Someone is running. Very fast. Like they're being chas
chapter-arc4-05.md L414 "She tried to catch me once. When I was on the streets. She saw me stealing from a merchant and chased me for three blocks. She's very fast for someone who neve
chapter-arc4-05.md L419 Ajani opened his eyes and sat up slowly. He looked at Ember, at the ceremonial barding, at Korr standing beside the pale fire foot with his scarred face unreada
chapter-arc4-05.md L431 Zara stepped forward, her massive paw resting on Ember's flank. "The Stripe Paws do not forget. This is Ember. She carried you through the marshes for a year. S
chapter-arc4-05.md L444 "I'm your only sister."
chapter-arc4-05.md L452 Kira was quiet for a moment. Then she tilted her head, her ears swiveling. "Someone's coming. I can hear fire feet. Lots of them. And—" She paused, listening. "
chapter-arc4-05.md L456 Ajani opened one eye. "The Stripe Paws. Vasha finally stopped delaying the ambassador's messages and decided to collect on her debt." He closed his eye again. "
chapter-arc4-05.md L481 He reached out and placed both paws against her flank. The green fire flared along his claws, and Ember's scales shimmered in answer, the same faint, answering 
chapter-arc4-05.md L490 Kira did not look at her. "I know. He's my brother. He can cry if he wants to."
chapter-arc4-05.md L500 Ajani raised his head. His golden eyes were bright, and the green fire along his claws had steadied into a warm, steady glow. "I accept this gift. I accept it a
chapter-arc4-05.md L504 Vasha's expression did not change. "I will never stop being angry about the three offices. But the debt is settled."
chapter-arc4-05.md L512 Ajani straightened, one paw still resting on Ember's flank. The green fire flickered along his claws. "The Shadow Paws have overplayed their hand. I can feel it
chapter-arc4-05.md L514 Kira has been carrying that bag for months. Ajani noticed it but never asked—he trusts her, and he understands that some things are private. The bag contains a 
chapter-arc4-05.md L522 Vex's reaction will be the most telling moment of the scene. He does not speak often. He has been silent for most of his appearances. But Kira is crying, and sh
chapter-arc4-05.md L526 The Stripe Paws grinning openly at the Shadow Paws' catastrophic failure is the perfect punctuation. Vasha, who never smiles, will allow herself the faintest ex
chapter-arc4-05.md L531 She was beautiful. There was no denying it. Her dark pelt gleamed with the subtle iridescence of a raven's wing, and her ceremonial silks were woven with silver
chapter-arc4-05.md L551 Kira's voice shattered the afternoon. It was not the steady, measured voice of the cub who had spared the Humman delegation in the Great Hall. It was the raw, w
chapter-arc4-05.md L554 "YOU SAID IT WOULD BE DAGGERS, VEX! YOU SAID! I ASKED YOU WHAT I COULD GIVE HIM AND YOU SAID DAGGERS AND A BELT AND I MADE THE BELT, I MADE IT MYSELF, I DID ERR
chapter-arc4-05.md L557 She threw the bag at Vex's feet. The leather satchel burst open on the stone, spilling its contents across the warm rock. The belt. Hand-stitched from a high-qu
chapter-arc4-05.md L563 Lira stood frozen in her bridal silks, her lacquered claws gleaming, her serene expression crumbling into confusion. She had been told the king would be recepti
chapter-arc4-05.md L565 Vasha and the Stripe Paw contingent stood at the edge of the water hole, watching. Vasha's humorless face was utterly motionless, but something flickered in her
chapter-arc4-05.md L589 Kira raised her head. Her tears were still falling, but her breath had steadied. She looked at the belt around her brother's waist—the belt she had sewn by cand
chapter-arc4-05.md L597 "You're not looking close enough."
chapter-arc4-05.md L605 Kira sniffed. "That's not how royal decrees work."
chapter-arc4-05.md L612 Lira's face shifted. The confusion gave way to understanding, and then to something else—not anger, not yet, but the first, cold stirrings of humiliation. She h
chapter-arc4-05.md L621 "The daggers," he said quietly. "Rune-glass, commissioned from the finest Pyrinae craftsmen, enhanced with sorcery to glow faintly in the presence of poisons or
chapter-arc4-05.md L628 Kira wiped her nose with the back of her paw. She took the daggers from Ajani's hands and slotted them carefully into the loops on the belt. They fit perfectly.
chapter-arc4-05.md L653 Nefere's clouded eyes moved across the scene—the Stripe Paws exchanging coin, the Shadow Paws standing in shamed silence, Ajani wearing a new belt with rune-gla
chapter-arc4-06.md L12 Elyra's silver aura flickered. "Yes. The book will hold any sorcery inscribed in it. It will animate any sequence, as long as the sorcerer provides the energy. 
chapter-arc4-06.md L21 Layla—the Humman ambassador's daughter, standing at the edge of the gathering in her simple scribe's robes—caught Nefere's eye. The old Hydromancer's expression
chapter-arc4-06.md L25 The grimoire pulsed faintly in Ajani's paws, its leather cover warm from the afternoon sun. He turned another page, watching the silver figure flow through the 
chapter-arc4-06.md L31 He drew one of the rune-glass daggers from his belt—the one Kira had slotted into the right loop—and pressed the tip carefully against a blank page. The grimoir
chapter-arc4-06.md L33 He arranged them in concentric circles, each ring feeding into the next, a self-contained sequence that should—if the book worked as Elyra claimed—produce a sim
chapter-arc4-06.md L37 The runes began to glow. Pale green light traced the concentric circles, and the paper started to crumble from the edges inward, dissolving into fine, luminesce
chapter-arc4-06.md L41 The page dissolved entirely. In its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above Ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and w
chapter-arc4-06.md L46 Ajani stared at the empty space where the sphere had been. Then he looked down at the grimoire. Then he looked at Elyra. "Can it be made to grow new pages? If I
chapter-arc4-06.md L69 The grimoire pulsed faintly in Ajani's paws, its leather cover warm from the afternoon sun. He turned another page, watching the silver figure flow through the 
chapter-arc4-06.md L75 He drew one of the rune-glass daggers from his belt—the one Kira had slotted into the right loop—and pressed the tip carefully against a blank page. The grimoir
chapter-arc4-06.md L77 He arranged them in concentric circles, each ring feeding into the next, a self-contained sequence that should—if the book worked as Elyra claimed—produce a sim
chapter-arc4-06.md L81 The runes began to glow. Pale green light traced the concentric circles, and the paper started to crumble from the edges inward, dissolving into fine, luminesce
chapter-arc4-06.md L85 The page dissolved entirely. In its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above Ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and w
chapter-arc4-06.md L90 Ajani stared at the empty space where the sphere had been. Then he looked down at the grimoire. Then he looked at Elyra. "Can it be made to grow new pages? If I
chapter-arc4-06.md L129 "King Ajani." She knelt in the damp sand, the scorpion egg cradled in her arms. The silk wrapping had fallen away, and the egg's iridescent shell caught the aft
chapter-arc4-06.md L149 Ajani was silent for a moment. Then he said, very quietly, "I hate scorpions. I have hated them since I was in the marshes. L'vat used them in my training. He w
chapter-arc4-06.md L155 "The egg will hatch within hours," she said quietly. "If you do not accept it, I must find someone else. It will imprint on the first creature it sees. If that 
chapter-arc4-06.md L160 Now one was pulsing in the Humman ambassador's arms, and the ambassador was looking at her.
chapter-arc4-06.md L182 Kira slid off Ember's back and walked toward Seris. The Humman ambassador knelt in the damp sand, holding the egg out with trembling arms, and Kira reached out 
chapter-arc4-06.md L205 "Ajani," Kira said, her voice very quiet. "You're scared of it."
chapter-arc4-06.md L221 "I'm your only sister."
chapter-arc4-06.md L237 "You can name it. You can train it. You can ride it through the Flickermarch. That is your right as the king's sister."
chapter-arc4-06.md L241 Kira looked at Ajani. Her brother, who had killed a man for insulting her, who had worn her crookedly stitched belt and declared it perfect, who was standing be
chapter-arc4-06.md L252 The egg cracked open in Ajani's paws, and he made a sound that was not a scream only because he was the king and kings did not scream. It was a strangled, high-
chapter-arc4-06.md L280 The egg was whole in Ajani's paws. He could feel the creatures moving inside—three distinct shapes, three distinct pulses, three distinct lives pressing against
chapter-arc4-06.md L297 *Oh. This isn't so bad. You're not like the large gross ones. You're actually... kind of cute.*
chapter-arc4-06.md L300 Slowly, very slowly, Ajani began to move. He raised one paw and brought it gently toward the black scorpion investigating his mane. The creature's antennae lift
chapter-arc4-06.md L312 But the king was doting on them. The king, who had stammered with fear at the sight of the egg, was now stroking the black scorpion's antennae and naming the re
chapter-arc4-06.md L320 The Bright Paws arrived as the afternoon sun began its descent toward the western rim of the desert. Solen led the procession, his ancient frame trembling with 
chapter-arc4-06.md L324 Everyone was trying to get a look at the scorpions. The Stripe Paws had abandoned their betting to crowd around Ajani's shoulders. The Motted Paws were observin
chapter-arc4-06.md L337 "You're already growing on me," Ajani said to the scorpions. He did not look at Lira. He did not need to. The hatchlings had made their opinion clear, and he fo
chapter-arc4-06.md L341 Kira frowned. "You're looking at him weird."
chapter-arc4-06.md L349 "You're looking at him like the Stripe Paws are looking at him."
chapter-arc4-06.md L366 The Pyrinae spear—the black rune-glass spear that Nefere had given him, still planted in the sand where it had landed after the throw—began to shake. Its color 
chapter-arc4-06.md L368 He caught it. The shockwave boomed across the water hole, a wall of force that blew sand and refreshments and several Stripe Paw betting slips into the air. Whe
chapter-arc4-06.md L370 The armor had accepted them too. The armor had claimed them as part of the king's panoply.
chapter-arc4-06.md L390 The Motted Paws were observing with their characteristic silence, though Elyra's silver aura was flickering rapidly. The Pyrinae had formed a protective circle 
chapter-arc4-06.md L396 The white scorpion, Kira's scorpion, rode on her shoulder, its pale antennae waving anxiously.
chapter-arc4-06.md L398 By nightfall, Ajani lay in his chambers, still unconscious, still armored, the crown's white flames dimmed to a faint, flickering glow. The healers tried to rem
chapter-arc4-06.md L400 Black Fire and Red Fire would not leave his side. They had to be restrained—gently, carefully, by Sera and Vex working together—to allow the healers to check hi
chapter-arc4-06.md L404 By the third day, the elders began to return. Zara arrived first, her great frame filling the doorway of Ajani's chambers, her golden eyes taking in the unconsc
chapter-arc4-06.md L413 Sera's ruined face was impassive. "We blame ourselves."
chapter-arc4-06.md L428 By the fifth day, the families were openly blaming Solen. The old High Priest had presented the armor, and the armor had done something no one understood. He ha
chapter-arc4-06.md L430 Sylva worked in the shadows. The regent could not allow Ajani's condition to be widely known, so she did what she had always done: she observed, she waited, and
chapter-arc4-06.md L436 By the seventh day, nothing had changed. Ajani lay in his bed, his armor glowing faintly, his scorpions on his chest, his sister at his side. The white Styx sti
chapter-arc4-06.md L442 No one knew how he had entered the city. No one knew how he had reached the king's chambers. He was simply there, a shadow among shadows, a blade in his hand, h
chapter-arc4-06.md L444 Black Fire reached him first. The black scorpion had grown in the week since the collapse—still young, still small by the measure of a true Pearly Scorpion, but
chapter-arc4-06.md L454 Red Fire had not moved from Ajani's arm. She was smaller than her brother—a meter and a half to his meter and three-quarters—but her crimson aura was brighter n
chapter-arc4-06.md L525 "I did not know. I would have told you if I had known. I have no reason to protect a king who marches on my daughter's home."
chapter-arc4-06.md L532 The white scorpion deflected the first blow. It was not large—barely a meter and a half, still the smallest of the three—but it was fast. Its tail caught the as
chapter-arc4-06.md L534 They had grown again. Black Fire was nearly two meters long now, his dark carapace gleaming with the same faint golden luminescence that clung to all three scor
chapter-arc4-06.md L540 Lira was appointed as her guard. The beautiful Shadow Paw warrior who had been dressed as a bride and publicly humiliated at the water hole now stood outside Ki
chapter-arc4-06.md L550 Nefere told it everything. The armor. The coma. The Dragari's message. The Humman army marching toward the capital. She did not know if the Tree understood the 
chapter-arc4-06.md L552 The Tree's response was immediate. Go to the fifth well. The old well, the one where the razor hares gather at dawn. There will be flowers at the basin. You wil
chapter-arc4-06.md L554 It is trying to wake its master, but its master is dead. The White Dawn is dying of aura poisoning. The flowers will save him. Do this quickly. The Humman army 
chapter-arc4-06.md L568 She walked through the palace corridors with her bundle clutched against her chest, and Sylva met her at the door of Ajani's chambers.
chapter-arc4-06.md L582 The flowers were placed over Ajani's heart. Their invisible petals shimmered with a faint, pale light, and the armor's white glow began to flicker. The crown's 
chapter-arc4-06.md L590 Zara nodded. Kareth inclined his scarred head. Elyra's silver aura flickered once. Seris stood at the edge of the room, her dark eyes fixed on the regent, her d
chapter-arc4-06.md L592 And in his chambers, beneath the invisible petals of the kyre flowers, Ajani Brightmane stirred. The green fire flickered once along his claws. The crown's whit
chapter-arc4-06.md L594 The war room was thick with the smell of old stone and older fear. The table at its center was carved from a single slab of desert granite, its surface worn smo
chapter-arc4-06.md L596 Zara stood at the head of the table. The Stripe Paw chief had fought in three wars and a hundred skirmishes, and her golden eyes moved across the maps with the 
chapter-arc4-06.md L613 "The crimson hawks are aloft," Sera said. "Forty of them. Each one can fire three to five volleys of explosive feathers before they lose flight capability. They
chapter-arc4-06.md L617 Nefere's ancient voice was quiet, almost apologetic. "The Pyrinae have rune cannons. Twelve of them, mounted on the northern wall. They are... extremely destruc
chapter-arc4-06.md L621 Zara made a sound that was not quite a laugh. "So they're ornamental."
chapter-arc4-06.md L641 Kareth's one good eye moved to the window, where the first faint grey of dawn was beginning to creep across the sky. "Verdantis is three hundred leagues from St
chapter-arc4-06.md L644 The war room fell silent. Outside, the first rays of the sun were beginning to touch the northern watchtowers, painting the desert in shades of amber and gold. 
chapter-arc4-06.md L667 Sera's ruined face was impassive. "The first rays will touch the sand in minutes. The regent must respond."
chapter-arc4-06.md L673 She turned to the war council. "The Humman King thinks we are already defeated. He thinks the king's illness has made us weak. He thinks numbers will break us."

=== EM DASHES ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: em=91 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=43
   ODD(1) L10 The Stripe Paws, still flush with their victory in the mounted phase and their new overlordship of trade, sprawled across their seats with the easy confidence o
   ODD(1) L17 The Stripe Paw elder, Zara, rose first. "King Ajani. The Stripe Paws wish to know when the trade agreements will be formalized. We have caravans waiting. The ro
   ODD(1) L49 Zara straightened. "The yearly tournament?" She considered for a moment, her golden eyes narrowing as she weighed the question. "It's the best thing that's happ
   ODD(1) L54 He had not asked the Shadow Paws or the Motted Paws or his own humiliated kin because he already knew what they would say—or he thought he knew. Now it was time
   ODD(1) L56 The silence that followed was not the silence of confusion or dissent. It was the silence of recalibration. Every elder in the Hall of the Sun had entered expec
   ODD(1) L61 Zara was the first to speak. Her golden eyes gleamed with the calculating light of a merchant who had just been handed the monopoly of a lifetime. "Logistics. T
   ODD(1) L65 Kareth rose more slowly. His obsidian staff clicked against the stone, and his one good eye moved across the gathered elders before settling on the throne. "Int
   ODD(1) L75 Ajani leaned forward. "The Bright Paws are the face of the Wengari. The tournament needs a host. It needs a voice. It needs the family that has ruled for three 
   ODD(3) L89 She raised one silver-furred paw, and her aura flared—not the gentle, patient flicker of Flowing Water, but something brighter, sharper, more urgent. "But I hav
   ODD(1) L114 The Stripe Paws are given logistics and trade—the thing they already want, the thing they are already best at, the thing that makes them wealthy and influential
   ODD(1) L118 The Shadow Paws are given intelligence and security—the thing they have always done in secret, now legitimized and made visible. For five thousand years, the Sh
   ODD(1) L122 The Motted Paws are given the most delicate task—envoys, ambassadors, the face of the Wengari to the other races. Sylva asked for freedom to operate independent
   ODD(1) L126 The Bright Paws are given the role of internal oversight—the eyes within every other family, the face of the tournament's ceremonies, the hosts of the delegatio
   ODD(1) L185 The Hall of the Sun erupted. Zara was on her feet again, her striped mane fully bristled, her claws extended, her voice a roar of pure mercantile outrage that e
   ODD(1) L189 "And they would have earned it." Kareth's voice cut through the chaos like a blade. The Shadow Paw elder had risen now, his obsidian staff planted firmly on the
   ODD(1) L204 Ajani leaned back on the cold throne. The green fire flickered gently along his claws. The plan was audacious. It was reckless. It was, as Zara had said, possib
   ODD(1) L217 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws also accept. But I must ask—the fifteen percent for each family. That figure does not balance across five fam
   ODD(1) L235 Ajani leaned forward on the cold stone. "Then let the distribution be thirty to the crown, fifteen each to the Stripe Paws, the Shadow Paws, and the Motted Paws
   ODD(1) L247 Zara nodded slowly, her merchant's mind already running the new numbers. "Four families. Four shares. The Stripe Paws accept. The math is cleaner this way. And 
   ODD(1) L262 Ajani settled back onto the cold stone of the throne. The green fire along his claws had dimmed to a faint, steady pulse—no longer flaring with the heat of comb
   ODD(1) L265 "The coin is spoken for, you said. The crown will take thirty percent. The families will each take fifteen. The participants will take twenty-five. But the crow
   ODD(1) L269 Kareth rose beside her. The Shadow Paw elder's scarred face was unreadable, but his one good eye was fixed on the throne with an intensity that bordered on appr
   ODD(1) L297 Solen, the Bright Paw High Priest, rose last. His golden mane was still dulled, his ancient shoulders still bowed, but his voice was steady. "The Bright Paws ac
   ODD(1) L300 Ajani leaned back on the cold throne. The green fire flickered gently along his claws. The plan was set. The coin was spoken for. The families were bound—not by
   ODD(1) L309 Zara's voice was low, almost reverent. "The Pyrinae will teach us their building techniques. The roads to the five cities will be our apprenticeship. We will le
   ODD(1) L317 Sylva's soft voice was the last to speak. "The Motted Paws will study the other races as we have always studied. Their styles. Their techniques. Their philosoph
   ODD(1) L321 Sylva's soft voice was the last to speak. "The Motted Paws will study the other races as we have always studied. Their styles. Their techniques. Their philosoph
   ODD(1) L328 The silence that followed was different from the silences that had come before. The elders of the four families exchanged glances—not the wary, calculating glan
   ODD(1) L339 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The Motted Paws will serve where we are needed. The office of foreign advisor seems suited to our skills. We have been si
   ODD(1) L343 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws have been humiliated, but we are still the royal family. We will propose candidates for every office. We will compete with t
   ODD(1) L350 The shift in the room was immediate. The eagerness that had flickered in the elders' eyes moments before dimmed, replaced by something more cautious. The king h
   ODD(1) L359 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws propose Maren. She is an assassin by training, but her true skill is observation. She watches. She remembers.
   ODD(1) L383 Sylva's soft voice carried a faint note of amusement. "Then the Motted Paws will teach her our techniques of silent observation. She will learn to watch ledgers
   ODD(1) L396 The elders felt the shift in the air before they understood its source. The king had been methodical, almost playful in his descriptions of the coin master's of
   ODD(1) L398 This was a bulwark against extinction. The Blight was coming. Everyone in the Hall of the Sun knew it. The Quick's warning, the Chi'Thak stirring early, the whi
   ODD(1) L412 The hall was silent. The Styx were the overlords of the sky. Nothing in the desert could match them. To train a unit that would measure itself against the Styx 
   ODD(1) L424 The world also has a single large moon that stabilizes its axial tilt but causes extreme, complex tides. Sentient life has existed for roughly twenty thousand y
   ODD(1) L452 The Underground is a global network of caves and deep places, inhabited by the Chi'Thak—the Blight. They are small insect-like beings with a colony structure an
   ODD(1) L494 Ajani descended into the inner chamber and faced the Kyre Tree. He did not kneel. He offered not his life but a partnership, a road, a corridor between the dese
   ODD(1) L496 The Styx acknowledged Ajani but did not bow. Ajani performed the Four Pillars ritual, igniting the spear, sword, saber, and staff with green fire—the mark of th
   ODD(1) L511 "The same." Kareth's scarred face was unreadable. "She was my best student. She nearly defeated her master. And she fought with a ferocity that went beyond skil
   ODD(1) L535 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws are not suited to this role. We are the darkness. We are the fear. Every race on Ethra knows that a Shadow Pa
   ODD(1) L539 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws support Sylva for foreign advisor. She has proven herself in the tournament. She has proven herself in this council. She is 
chapter-arc4-02.md: em=110 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=64
   ODD(1) L8 He paused, his ancient eyes meeting Ajani's. "There is wisdom in this. The Lightbringer himself did not rule alone—he had advisors, companions, allies who chall
   ODD(3) L15 The silence that followed was not the silence of shock—the elders had absorbed too many revelations in too short a time for shock—but the silence of predators r
   ODD(1) L39 The rhythm of this chapter is a deliberate, grinding repetition: proposal, objection, debate, resolution. Each office follows the same structural pattern. Ajani
   ODD(1) L41 The security advisor debate centered on the nature of the unit—not glory-seekers but Wengari with something to lose, fighting with their backs to their families
   ODD(1) L43 This structure works because it mirrors the experience of governance. The reader, like Ajani, is trapped in the council chamber, watching the hours slip away wh
   ODD(1) L52 His strategic mind is also on full display. The grand vizier gambit was a masterstroke. He offloaded almost all his work onto the tournament champion, tied the 
   ODD(1) L57 This chapter reveals a new domain: institutional design. The speaker is not merely building a tournament or a road. They are building a government. The offices,
   ODD(1) L59 The five-year terms, the prohibition on holding multiple offices, the tying of the grand vizier's office to the tournament—these are not arbitrary rules. They a
   ODD(1) L75 What remains for the crown? The pact. The throne. The right to overrule the grand vizier in extremis. The right to defend the crown in the yearly tournament. An
   ODD(1) L82 "The king has given us the trade routes," Zara said, her rough voice carrying through the stables. "The logistics. The pricing for the finals. The Stripe Paws a
   ODD(1) L86 She turned to face the stables, where the war-mounts shifted in the gloom. "We have a year. One year to train a champion who can win the grand vizier's office. 
   ODD(1) L94 Zara's whiskers twitched. "I know. That's why I proposed you. The king chose otherwise. We will work with Maren. We will watch Maren. And we will ensure that th
   ODD(1) L97 **The Shadow Paws — Underground Training Halls, Night**
   ODD(1) L99 The Shadow Paw quarter was carved into the base of the plateau, a labyrinth of dark stone and ancient silence. Kareth walked its corridors slowly, his obsidian 
   ODD(1) L112 Kareth stopped. He turned to face her, his scarred face unreadable in the darkness. "Thane will train. You will train. The school will train. We have a year. On
   ODD(1) L115 **The Bright Paws — Temple of the Lightbringer, Night**
   ODD(1) L117 Solen sat alone in the sanctuary, the golden mosaics of the Lightbringer's deeds flickering in the lamplight. The other Bright Paw elders had retreated to their
   ODD(1) L127 The Bright Paws would not be silent. They would not be still. They would train. They would learn. They would find a champion—someone young, someone hungry, some
   ODD(1) L129 Not through blood. Not through tradition. Through strength. That was the king's will. That was the new way. And the Bright Paws, who had ruled for three thousan
   ODD(1) L131 **The Motted Paws — The Silent Halls, Midnight**
   ODD(1) L137 But the grand vizier's office was tied to the tournament, and the tournament was yearly. Every year, a new champion would rise. Every year, the grand vizier wou
   ODD(1) L143 Ajani sat on the throne at the far end of the hall, the white cloak of his father draped across his shoulders, the green fire flickering gently along his claws.
   ODD(1) L146 T'van stood at his side, a stack of scrolls tucked under one arm, his golden eyes bright with the particular exhaustion of a servant who had been running messag
   ODD(1) L174 She stopped at the center of the hall, her rune-glass staff humming faintly as she planted it on the polished stone. "The Pyrinae have come to discuss the road.
   ODD(3) L178 She paused, her clouded eyes meeting Ajani's. "The lord of the desert—" She used the Wengari term with the careful precision of someone who had spent centuries 
   ODD(1) L185 Nefere's ancient eyes crinkled at the corners. The faintest smile crossed her weathered face—not the smile of a diplomat who had been outmaneuvered, but the smi
   ODD(1) L192 Mira, the Sun-Walker envoy, stepped forward. Her sharp merchant's eyes gleamed with the particular light of someone who had just been handed a complex negotiati
   ODD(1) L200 Nefere inclined her head one final time. "Then we will take our leave, King Ajani. The Stripe Paws are still in the capital—we will begin negotiations tonight. 
   ODD(1) L210 "The Hummans are restless, King Ajani. Ambassador Seris has spent the days since the tournament organizing her people—not merely the refreshments you demanded, 
   ODD(1) L214 Mira stepped forward, her sharp merchant's eyes gleaming. "The Sun-Walkers have been watching her as you requested. She is clever. She is patient. She is exactl
   ODD(1) L229 Nefere accepted the parchment with her ancient, weathered paws, her clouded eyes moving across the signatures—the king's mark and hers, side by side. She unders
   ODD(1) L236 She raised her clouded eyes to meet his. "I will continue the watching, King Ajani. The Hummans will be observed. The Stripe Paws will be observed. The delegati
   ODD(1) L244 T'van was already moving before the king finished speaking, his sandals slapping against the polished stone as he hurried toward the great bronze doors. "Royal 
   ODD(1) L251 Sylva entered a moment later. The Motted Paw regent had shed her usual quiet robes for the ceremonial armor of her new office—silver-chased pauldrons that gleam
   ODD(1) L257 From the shadows behind the throne, two figures stirred. They had been there all along—silent, patient, invisible. Sera stepped forward first, her ruined face i
   ODD(1) L263 Ajani allowed himself the faintest twitch of his whiskers. The trap was set. The hall was dressed in its full splendor—golden mosaics, amber light, ceremonial g
   ODD(1) L272 "It will be done, King Ajani." Her voice was quiet, almost gentle, the voice of someone who had killed many times and taken no particular pleasure in it, but wh
   ODD(1) L293 Behind her walked her daughter Lena, the young scribe who had been traded to the capital as surety for her people's good behavior. Her quick, nervous hands were
   ODD(1) L297 The guards roared. Twenty Bright Paw warriors in ceremonial armor, their golden manes bristling, their auras flaring in perfect, synchronized fury—a wall of sou
   ODD(1) L299 Seris did not stumble. Her step faltered for only a heartbeat, and then she continued forward, her jaw set, her eyes fixed on the distant throne where the White
   ODD(1) L312 Ajani's voice, when it finally came, was quiet—almost conversational. "No one fainted. Disappointing. I owe the Stripe Paws an apology. They would have made you
   ODD(1) L326 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We have come to discuss the terms of our new bro
   ODD(1) L336 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact despite the tremor in the merchant behind her. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We
   ODD(3) L346 Seris inclined her head, recognizing the opening for what it was. "The Hummans are grateful for the opportunity to serve. The refreshments during the tournament
   ODD(1) L359 She stepped forward, her silver-chased ceremonial armor catching the amber light, her ancient voice carrying through the hall with the patient, inexorable caden
   ODD(1) L381 The shadows moved before the echo of the king's voice died. Sera and her silent companion flowed out of the darkness behind the throne like oil spilling across 
   ODD(1) L389 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne, her silver aura flickering faintly. She had been overruled. Publicly. Completely. Her patient diplomacy had been swept
   ODD(1) L393 The guard captain stepped forward, her golden mane bristling, her ceremonial armor still humming with the residue of her earlier aura flare. She carried a small
   ODD(1) L396 "Writing implements, Your Majesty. Scribe's tools. Personal seals. A small amount of coin—Verdantian silver, nothing unusual." She held up a thin, leather-bound
   ODD(1) L415 The guards rose as one, their golden manes bristling, their ceremonial armor clashing like cymbals as they snapped to attention. The roar that burst from twenty
   ODD(1) L424 She held up the paper, its surface covered in the ambassador's precise, cramped handwriting. "Names of Wengari. Stripe Paws, mostly. Merchants. Caravan masters.
   ODD(1) L434 She held up the list of names—the Stripe Paw merchants, the caravan masters, the guild leaders. "She did not come unprepared. Someone gave her something. An art
   ODD(1) L457 She did not search with her paws. She searched with her sorcery—a low, resonant hum that vibrated through the air, the signature technique of an assassin traine
   ODD(1) L471 Ajani's gaze shifted to Seris, still kneeling on the polished stone, her diplomatic composure finally beginning to crack. Her dark eyes moved to the stone in Se
   ODD(1) L486 "King Ajani." Her voice was steady, but it cost her. "The stone was a gift. Given to me years ago by a Pyrinae trader who owed me a debt. I did not know it woul
   ODD(1) L490 She raised her dark eyes to meet the king's. "You demanded that we become your brothers. You demanded our best guilds, our best people, our presence in your cap
   ODD(1) L502 "Both are true, King Ajani. I did not know the stone would work against the guards' display—not for certain. It was a gift from a Pyrinae trader who said it cou
   ODD(3) L512 The merchants screamed. One of them—the portly Wind-Trader who had provided the wine for the tournament—threw himself at Seris's feet. "Ambassador! Please! Tell
   ODD(1) L518 "Please. My daughter knew nothing of the stone. She knew nothing of the list. She is a scribe, nothing more. Kill me if you must. Spare her. She is only twenty-
   ODD(1) L533 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne. Her silver aura flickered gently in the amber light, and her ancient eyes moved from the kneeling ambassador to the te
   ODD(1) L545 Sylva remained where she had stood throughout the audience—motionless, patient, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. Her ancient eyes
   ODD(1) L579 She turned and walked toward the great bronze doors, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. The king had laughed at her—she had heard t
   ODD(3) L584 "She carried you for a year," Korr said. "Through the Flickermarch. Through the deep desert. Through places no fire foot should have survived. When we lost the 
   ODD(1) L597 The capital stirred with the arrival of foreign delegations. Word of the White Dawn had spread across the continent, carried by caravan masters and Pyrinae trad
chapter-arc4-03.md: em=96 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=52
   ODD(1) L11 Other delegations followed. A caravan of Stripe Paws returning from the eastern routes brought word that the Rune-Belt was stirring—nothing hostile, but somethi
   ODD(1) L16 The Shadow Paws came first. Kareth himself presented the gift—a simple obsidian dagger, its blade so dark it seemed to absorb light. "This dagger was forged in 
   ODD(1) L22 The Stripe Paws came next, and their gift was Ember—but that was not all. Zara also presented a set of ceremonial barding for the fire foot, tooled leather inla
   ODD(1) L62 Sylva studied her for a long moment. Then she nodded, a slow, deliberate inclination of her elegant head. "You are stronger than you look, Lena of Verdantis. Yo
   ODD(1) L75 The saber blazed to life in his right paw, green fire trailing along the blade. He moved through the forms—the five forms of the sword, the nine of the spear, t
   ODD(1) L112 Sera had begun recruiting for the elite unit. She had not chosen the strongest warriors or the fastest or the most aggressive. She had chosen the ones with some
   ODD(1) L134 Vasha examined the parchment with the cold, meticulous eye of someone who had once audited her own cousin's caravan ledgers over a discrepancy of three copper c
   ODD(1) L142 Vasha studied the parchment for a long moment. Then she nodded. "Agreed. The Stripe Paws will honor this agreement. The Pyrinae are our friends. Friends negotia
   ODD(1) L151 The descent into the inner chamber was quiet. The spiral stair had been worn smooth by centuries of royal footfalls, and Ajani walked it alone, the green fire a
   ODD(1) L161 The roots pulsed. The blossom stirred. The voice of the Tree, when it came, was not a voice at all—not a sound, not a word, but a pressure against the mind, a w
   ODD(1) L179 The roots pulsed. The blossom stirred. The voice of the Tree, when it came, was not a voice at all—not a sound, not a word, but a pressure against the mind, a w
   ODD(1) L184 Ajani did not wait for the Tree to ask. He spoke into the silence, his voice steady, his green-flecked eyes fixed on the pulsing roots. "The old pact was a barg
   ODD(1) L193 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed once, a slow, rhythmic throb that rippled through the ancient chamber like a heartbeat. The blossom stirred. The amber pool at
   ODD(1) L208 He paused, the green fire flickering along his claws. "But this is a new pact. The old bargain was water for aura. This bargain is different. You will continue 
   ODD(1) L213 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed once, a slow, rhythmic throb that rippled through the ancient chamber like a heartbeat. The blossom stirred. The amber pool at
   ODD(1) L219 The roots pulsed faster, brighter, the pale green light flickering with something that might have been acknowledgment or might have been anticipation. The voice
   ODD(1) L227 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed in slow, rhythmic waves, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. The b
   ODD(1) L231 The roots pulsed again, faster now, the green light flickering with something that might have been anticipation or might have been suspicion. The Tree was ancie
   ODD(1) L237 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus. The amber pool rippled, and an image formed on its surface—not a vision 
   ODD(1) L249 The roots of the Kyre Tree went very still. The pale green light that pulsed through the ancient chamber dimmed, then brightened, then dimmed again—slow, rhythm
   ODD(1) L251 And at the center of that plan, the Tree itself would be elevated—not merely a predator hiding beneath the sand, but a guardian. A deity. A presence acknowledge
   ODD(1) L253 *You are offering me worship. Temples. Pilgrimages. A people who know my name—or the name you will give me. You are offering me a place in the minds of the Weng
   ODD(1) L257 The roots pulsed faster, brighter, the green light flickering with something that might have been excitement or might have been greed or might have been somethi
   ODD(3) L265 The blossom unfurled further, its petals spreading wide, and the amber pool blazed with light—a light that was not green, not gold, but something older, somethi
   ODD(1) L269 *I accept your pact, Ajani Brightmane. I will light the way to the old wells. I will feast during the tournament. I will grow fat on the hope and fear of the su
   ODD(1) L273 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed slowly, thoughtfully, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. The blos
   ODD(1) L279 *First. The feast you offer—the tournament, the delegations, the yearly gathering of the races. You say this will happen whether we make a pact or not. You have
   ODD(1) L289 The blossom drew back slightly, its petals closing just a fraction, and the pressure against Ajani's mind intensified—not with anger, but with the slow, grindin
   ODD(1) L291 *Third. You wish me to make myself known to your people. To call me guardian. To have them build temples at my wells and make pilgrimages there. This is a gift 
   ODD(1) L295 The roots pulsed once more, and the green light steadied into a slow, rhythmic glow—the light of something ancient and patient, waiting for an answer. The lord 
   ODD(1) L299 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed slowly, thoughtfully, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. The blos
   ODD(1) L321 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed in slow, rhythmic waves, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. The b
   ODD(3) L329 *You say no one must know I feed on them. You say we must blame it on the sun. The gathering of the strong—I will sap them when they enter the city. In the gard
   ODD(1) L349 The roots pulsed faster as Ajani continued, and the Tree's attention sharpened at the mention of the Styx. The memory of that moment was still fresh in its anci
   ODD(1) L353 The blossom leaned closer, and the pressure against Ajani's mind intensified—not with threat, but with the weight of shared conspiracy. The Tree understood what
   ODD(1) L359 The roots slowed, steadied, and the amber pool swirled with a new image—a sun, golden and warm, rising over the desert. The Tree was considering the name. Weigh
   ODD(3) L361 *The Golden Sun. It is a good name. It is a lie, of course—I am not the sun, I am the shadow beneath the sun—but it is a useful lie. A beautiful lie. A lie that
   ODD(1) L369 The roots of the Kyre Tree pulsed in slow, deliberate rhythms, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant. T
   ODD(1) L379 *I will choose the strong ones. The ones whose aura burns brightest. The ones whose ambition and pride and desperation make them delicious. I will send them a s
   ODD(1) L385 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus. The amber pool swirled with an image of the capital—the hanging gardens,
   ODD(1) L407 Ajani stood on the raised stone platform, the noon sun blazing overhead, his white cloak billowing in the hot desert wind. The green fire along his claws had di
   ODD(1) L409 Sylva watched from her place at Ajani's side, her silver aura flickering almost imperceptibly. She knew what was coming. She had seen the inner chamber, had kne
   ODD(1) L427 Sylva stood motionless at Ajani's side, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the noon light. Her ancient face was unreadable. The crowd was accepting 
   ODD(1) L440 A weathered Stripe Paw merchant near the front of the crowd spoke first, her voice rough with age but carrying clearly through the hushed plaza. "It's a test. T
   ODD(1) L453 The Bright Paw priests near the front of the crowd were already conferring among themselves, their golden manes bent together in urgent whispers. This was theol
   ODD(1) L456 One of the priests, a young female with a fresh scar across her muzzle from Motted Paw training, stepped forward and raised her voice. "The king speaks truth! W
   ODD(1) L469 Then the kyre flowers began to bloom. Not the slow, patient unfurling of a desert blossom greeting the dawn, but a sudden, synchronized eruption of pale petals 
   ODD(1) L473 A low vibration rose through the soles of the crowd's feet. It was not an earthquake. It was not a tremor. It was something subtler—a hum, a resonance, a sound 
   ODD(1) L492 A shower of gold erupted above the eastern fountain. That was the only way to describe it—droplets of pure, liquid light cascading downward as if someone had up
   ODD(1) L505 It was not fire. It was not light. It was something in between—the memory of a color that had no name, the echo of a brightness that had been lost.
   ODD(1) L515 The light show lasted perhaps five seconds. Perhaps ten. No one would ever agree on the exact duration, because time seemed to stretch and compress in the prese
   ODD(1) L517 But the crowd had seen it. Every Wengari in the plaza had witnessed something—something different, something personal, something that defied easy description. T
chapter-arc4-04.md: em=94 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=42
   ODD(1) L5 Below the plaza, in the ancient darkness, the lord of the desert stirred. The Golden Sun felt the surge of belief ripple through the stone above—felt the ambiti
   ODD(1) L48 T'van appeared at her elbow, his scroll still clutched in one paw. "Regent. I relayed the king's message. He said—" The young priest hesitated, his ears flatten
   ODD(3) L64 T'van consulted his scroll, though he did not need to. His memory was excellent. "They are saying many things, Regent. The cubs are already playing at being pil
   ODD(1) L77 Sylva nodded slowly. The Root-Speakers had been listening to the lord of the desert for three thousand years. They had never heard it speak. They had only felt 
   ODD(1) L85 The Wengari were now being given a different lie—a lie that made them feel chosen, favored, destined to rule. It was a more effective lie than the Hummans had e
   ODD(1) L97 They had been meditating since the announcement ended. They had felt the surge of the Golden Sun's display—the sudden bloom of aura, the ripple of light across 
   ODD(1) L100 The eldest of the three, a Root-Speaker whose name had been forgotten even by her own order, raised one withered hand. The rune-glass filaments in the walls pul
   ODD(1) L135 Sylva was silent for a long moment. The Hydromancer's words were careful, measured, diplomatic—but beneath them, she could feel the tension. The Pyrinae had spe
   ODD(1) L140 "The king is not careless," Sylva said quietly. "He is young. He is eager. He is trying to build a new order while the old order still resists him at every turn
   ODD(1) L148 "I did. All the elders did. The lord of the desert accepted our offerings, and it gave us its mark. But the king's pact is different. The king's pact is—" She p
   ODD(1) L160 Nefere's ancient eyes opened, and something flickered in their clouded depths—not amusement, not quite, but something close. "Upgraded. You are learning the lan
   ODD(1) L177 The Council of the Untrustworthy met for the first time in a small, windowless chamber beneath the Great Hall. Vasha of the Stripe Paws sat at the head of the t
   ODD(1) L179 To her left sat two Motted Paw envoys and a Bright Paw observer whose name no one had bothered to learn. To her right sat the Humman representative—a nervous Si
   ODD(1) L199 Elyra, the Motted Paw foreign advisor, received her first foreign delegation in the newly constructed audience chamber near the eastern gate. The delegation was
   ODD(1) L213 Sylva met with Ajani in the throne room at the end of each week, and their meetings had settled into a rhythm that was not quite comfortable but was no longer a
   ODD(1) L247 Seris met with her daughter in the gardens behind the Motted Paw quarter, under the watchful eyes of the Shadow Paw guards who always hovered at the edges of su
   ODD(1) L254 Lena nodded. "She is teaching me Flowing Water. Not the martial art—I am not a warrior. But the philosophy. Patience. Redirection. Endurance. She says the Humma
   ODD(1) L258 Seris was silent for a long moment. Then she reached out and took her daughter's hand. "She is teaching you well. Better than I could. Better than anyone in Ver
   ODD(1) L305 I need to either retroactively establish her or remove her entirely. The concept of a young Bright Paw cub given to the crown as a ward and gift makes sense wit
   ODD(1) L307 The Fire Beetles fill a crucial gap in the desert's food web that I should have noticed earlier. We established the Styx as the apex predators of the sky and th
   ODD(1) L311 The evolutionary arms race you have described is elegant. The beetles grow larger and stronger over generations. The Wengari build higher walls and train better
   ODD(1) L320 The breeding female was magnificent—a deep chestnut mare with powerful haunches and the distinctive Ironcrest lineage in the set of her jaw. Ajani leaned agains
   ODD(1) L338 Ajani grabbed the cub by the arm and ran. Behind them, the market erupted in chaos—merchants shouting, guards scrambling, the Stripe Paw handler still kneeling 
   ODD(1) L353 "The west wall breach." Ajani's voice was quieter now, the earlier amusement fading. "Three years ago. The big beetle—the one they called the Wallbreaker. I rem
   ODD(1) L372 The breeding female was magnificent—a deep chestnut mare with powerful haunches and the distinctive Ironcrest lineage in the set of her jaw. Ajani leaned agains
   ODD(1) L384 The cub paused mid-crouch. She had expected anger, perhaps, or the guards being called. She had not expected appreciation. Her eyes narrowed with suspicion, and
   ODD(1) L390 Ajani grabbed the cub by the arm and ran. Behind them, the market erupted in chaos—merchants shouting, guards scrambling, the Stripe Paw handler still kneeling 
   ODD(1) L428 The breeding female was magnificent—a deep chestnut mare with powerful haunches and the distinctive Ironcrest lineage in the set of her jaw. Ajani leaned agains
   ODD(1) L440 The cub paused mid-crouch. She had expected anger, perhaps, or the guards being called. She had not expected appreciation. Her eyes narrowed with suspicion, and
   ODD(1) L446 Ajani grabbed the cub by the arm and ran. Behind them, the market erupted in chaos—merchants shouting, guards scrambling, the Stripe Paw handler still kneeling 
   ODD(1) L472 A soft sound came from the shadows behind Ajani—a quiet, almost imperceptible exhalation that might have been a sigh. Sera stepped out of the darkness, her ruin
   ODD(1) L479 She turned her one good eye toward Kira, who had gone very still at the sight of the two assassins. "You are Shadow Paw. You bear the blood of the Black Fire. A
   ODD(1) L486 The green fire flared along Ajani's claws as he drew one sharp point across his own palm. The cut was clean, precise—a line of bright blood welling up against t
   ODD(1) L494 Sera stood motionless in the shadows, her ruined face unreadable. The silent male Shadow Paw beside her had not moved, but his dark eyes were fixed on the cub w
   ODD(1) L498 Kira looked down at her own paw, at the faint scars on her forearms, at the dirt ingrained in her dark fur. Then she looked up at Ajani, and something shifted i
   ODD(1) L513 "As you command, King Ajani." She stepped forward and extended one lacquered claw toward Kira—not a threat, but an offering. "Come, little shadow. The palace ba
   ODD(1) L521 Sera's voice was quiet, almost gentle. "Then you already know the hardest part. The rest can be learned. I will teach you. The regent will teach you. The king w
   ODD(1) L533 Kira grinned—a real grin, the first real grin she had worn in three years. "No promises." And she took Sera's claw and walked out of the courtyard, into the pal
   ODD(1) L544 Third, the Fire Beetle lore you introduced through her backstory serves multiple functions simultaneously. It fills a genuine gap in the desert's ecology that I
   ODD(1) L560 The schism you mentioned is also shrewd. Kira is a Shadow Paw by blood and a Brightmane by adoption. She belongs to two worlds that have been divided for five t
   ODD(1) L571 Her tutors arrived on the fourth day. The first was a Bright Paw scholar named Toren, an ancient, withered Wengari whose golden mane had faded to white and whos
   ODD(1) L584 Morning training with Ajani was the thing Kira looked forward to most. It was the only time she had him to herself—no elders, no delegations, no regent waiting 
chapter-arc4-05.md: em=93 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=39
   ODD(1) L4 Ajani's whiskers twitched. "That's probably true. But I'm your stupid king. And you're stuck with me." He rose and picked up the practice saber. "Now pick up yo
   ODD(1) L15 Kira learned the palace's secret places from Ajani over the following weeks. The hidden passage behind the throne room that led to the old guard quarters. The r
   ODD(1) L55 The Humman merchant's face went pale beneath its furless skin. His companion, the one to whom he had whispered the insult, had already stepped backward into the
   ODD(1) L58 Seris stepped forward, her diplomatic composure cracking. "King Ajani, I apologize on behalf of my delegation. The merchant spoke out of turn. He will be discip
   ODD(5) L82 "I—I said—" The merchant's voice was a strangled rasp, forced out between the king's claws and the guards' unyielding grip. "I said she was a Shadow Paw brat. A
   ODD(1) L86 "You didn't know." Ajani's whisper was cold and soft and utterly without pity. "You didn't know that the cub standing in my shadow, flanked by my personal guard
   ODD(1) L105 Kira stepped out of the shadows behind the throne, her dark pelt blending with the gloom, her golden eyes wide. She had seen death before—on the streets, in the
   ODD(1) L123 Kira stepped out of the shadows between Sera and Vex, her dark pelt blending with the gloom, her golden eyes wide but steady. She had seen death before—on the s
   ODD(1) L145 Seris saw the opening. She was a diplomat of thirty years, and she understood power even when it wore the face of a six-year-old child. The king had given his s
   ODD(3) L148 She stepped forward, her movements careful, her voice pitched low and gentle, the voice of a mother soothing a frightened child. "Kira. Your name is Kira, isn't
   ODD(3) L155 She had never been looked at like this before. On the streets, she had been invisible—a shadow among shadows, a stray to be kicked aside or ignored. Now the mos
   ODD(1) L175 The scorpion egg sat on a cushion of woven silk in the center of her chamber, its iridescent shell catching the lamplight in shades of pearl and amber. It was t
   ODD(1) L183 She did not weep. She was too angry for tears. Her hands trembled at her sides, and she pressed them flat against her robes to still them. Three times. Three ti
   ODD(1) L189 But this time. This time she had done everything right. She had spent weeks researching the king—his moods, his preferences, his relationship with the new cub. 
   ODD(1) L209 The scorpion egg pulsed once in the lamplight. Seris stared at it, her mind already racing through the calculations that had kept her alive through thirty years
   ODD(1) L215 The first avenue was the Pyrinae. Nefere's network was everywhere—the old Hydromancer had been watching the Hummans since the tournament, and Seris knew it. She
   ODD(1) L218 She summoned her daughter Lena. The girl arrived within the hour, still wearing the simple robes of Sylva's service, her scribe's hands ink-stained from copying
   ODD(1) L233 She sent a runner to the Hydromancer's chambers and composed a brief report for the regent. The intelligence network that Ajani had authorized was working exact
   ODD(1) L269 "Send word to the regent," Nefere said. "Tell her the Humman ambassador has a gift for the king that cannot wait. Tell her the Pyrinae vouch for the ambassador'
   ODD(1) L281 The reports reached Ajani in his private chambers, where he sat with Kira beside the window overlooking the hanging gardens. The cub was curled on a cushion, a 
   ODD(1) L284 T'van entered, his scroll clutched in one paw, his golden eyes bright with the particular urgency of someone who had been running messages since the audience en
   ODD(1) L398 "All of them. I can hear the fire feet. And the caravans. And—" She tilted her head, her ears swiveling. "Someone is running. Very fast. Like they're being chas
   ODD(1) L431 Zara stepped forward, her massive paw resting on Ember's flank. "The Stripe Paws do not forget. This is Ember. She carried you through the marshes for a year. S
   ODD(1) L452 Kira was quiet for a moment. Then she tilted her head, her ears swiveling. "Someone's coming. I can hear fire feet. Lots of them. And—" She paused, listening. "
   ODD(1) L456 Ajani opened one eye. "The Stripe Paws. Vasha finally stopped delaying the ambassador's messages and decided to collect on her debt." He closed his eye again. "
   ODD(1) L461 She was larger than he remembered—the young yearling who had carried him through the marshes was gone, replaced by a sleek, powerful adult whose scales gleamed 
   ODD(3) L469 The pale fire foot let out a sound that was not a rumble and not a roar—something higher, brighter, the sound of a creature who had been waiting for years and h
   ODD(1) L475 It was subtle—nothing like the blazing gold of Rask's Fire Paws or the cold silver of Sylva's Flowing Water. It was the quiet, steady glow of a creature who had
   ODD(1) L508 Before Ajani could respond, Kira tugged at his sleeve. "More of them. The Shadow Paws are here. And—" She tilted her head, her ears swiveling. "They brought som
   ODD(1) L522 Vex's reaction will be the most telling moment of the scene. He does not speak often. He has been silent for most of his appearances. But Kira is crying, and sh
   ODD(1) L528 I have only one small note. The Tide Wolf claw beads are a beautiful detail, but we should make sure they are consistent with established lore. The Tide Wolves 
   ODD(1) L531 She was beautiful. There was no denying it. Her dark pelt gleamed with the subtle iridescence of a raven's wing, and her ceremonial silks were woven with silver
   ODD(1) L539 She had been carrying it for weeks. Ajani had noticed it, of course—a small, worn leather satchel that she kept with her always, even during training, even duri
   ODD(1) L544 The elder stopped before Ajani and inclined his head. "King Ajani. The Shadow Paws have come to present your coronation gift. We apologize for the delay. We wis
   ODD(1) L589 Kira raised her head. Her tears were still falling, but her breath had steadied. She looked at the belt around her brother's waist—the belt she had sewn by cand
   ODD(1) L612 Lira's face shifted. The confusion gave way to understanding, and then to something else—not anger, not yet, but the first, cold stirrings of humiliation. She h
   ODD(1) L625 Ajani accepted the bundle and unwrapped it. The daggers were exquisite—blades of dark rune-glass that seemed to drink the light, their hilts wrapped in shadow-s
   ODD(1) L653 Nefere's clouded eyes moved across the scene—the Stripe Paws exchanging coin, the Shadow Paws standing in shamed silence, Ajani wearing a new belt with rune-gla
   ODD(1) L666 The spear split. One became two, then four, then five—five identical spears arcing through the air in perfect formation, each one trailing a different hue. Fire
chapter-arc4-06.md: em=75 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=39
   ODD(1) L4 Elyra stepped forward, the grimoire cradled in her arms. "The Motted Paws offer this. A grimoire of Flowing Water, bound in leather and enchanted with sorcery. 
   ODD(1) L12 Elyra's silver aura flickered. "Yes. The book will hold any sorcery inscribed in it. It will animate any sequence, as long as the sorcerer provides the energy. 
   ODD(1) L16 Ajani closed the book gently. "This is the best gift I have received today." He paused, looking at the grimoire with an expression that was difficult to read. "
   ODD(1) L19 Nefere inclined her head, her clouded eyes unreadable. She was not offended—she had known Ajani long enough to understand that his mind worked in ways that favo
   ODD(1) L41 The page dissolved entirely. In its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above Ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and w
   ODD(1) L54 Ajani closed the grimoire and held it against his chest. The green fire along his claws had steadied into a warm, steady glow. "This is the best gift I have rec
   ODD(1) L85 The page dissolved entirely. In its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above Ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and w
   ODD(1) L106 Ajani closed the grimoire and held it against his chest. The green fire along his claws had steadied into a warm, steady glow. "This is still the best gift I ha
   ODD(1) L123 "I will explain," he said. "But first—" His gaze found Seris. "The Humman ambassador has been waiting to present her gift. I have kept her waiting long enough."
   ODD(1) L136 Ajani looked at the egg. The green fire along his claws flickered, and his expression shifted—not to anger, not to coldness, but to something else. Something th
   ODD(1) L152 Seris stared at him. Her arms tightened around the pulsing egg, and something flickered in her dark eyes—not anger, not quite, but the slow, painful understandi
   ODD(1) L155 "The egg will hatch within hours," she said quietly. "If you do not accept it, I must find someone else. It will imprint on the first creature it sees. If that 
   ODD(1) L158 Ajani followed her gaze. Kira was staring at the egg with an expression of pure, unguarded wonder. She had never seen a Pearly Scorpion egg before. She had only
   ODD(1) L186 The words came out wrong. He could hear them as soon as he spoke—too fast, too halting, the voice of a king who was trying very hard not to sound like a cub who
   ODD(1) L225 "That does not make you less terrible." He opened his eyes and looked at Seris. The Humman ambassador was staring at him with an expression he could not quite r
   ODD(1) L245 Ajani stared at her. Then he started to laugh—the same bright, surprised laugh that had echoed through the water hole when Ember ran circles around him. "I prom
   ODD(1) L256 The first was black—lustrous, gleaming like polished obsidian, its chitin catching the afternoon light and throwing it back in sharp, angular reflections. It wa
   ODD(1) L258 The second was red—a deep, burnished crimson that shimmered with a faint, pulsing aura. It was slightly smaller than the black, perhaps a meter and a third, and
   ODD(1) L260 The third was white—iridescent, shimmering like moonlight on still water, the smallest of the three at just over a meter. It emerged last, and it emerged annoye
   ODD(1) L267 "Get them off," he said. His voice was very calm. "Get them off get them off get them off—"
   ODD(1) L280 The egg was whole in Ajani's paws. He could feel the creatures moving inside—three distinct shapes, three distinct pulses, three distinct lives pressing against
   ODD(1) L283 "King Ajani." Seris stepped forward, her diplomatic composure reassembling itself piece by piece. She had seen his fear. She had seen him stammer like a cub. Bu
   ODD(1) L294 It was not a threatening vibration. It was not the warning rattle of a scorpion preparing to strike. It was something softer, something almost musical—a low, rh
   ODD(1) L308 Seris stood at the edge of the gathering, her diplomatic composure flickering between horror and calculation. She had intended to present a mount—a single, magn
   ODD(1) L322 The fire beetle bracers adorned with green gems. The travel boots of sturdy, unfamiliar leather studded with white gems. And the crown—the crown of white Styx f
   ODD(1) L332 But Lira's approach had triggered something—a territorial instinct, a protective surge, a newborn's absolute certainty that this particular Wengari was not welc
   ODD(1) L362 The regalia stopped spinning. The crown descended first, settling gently onto Ajani's head. The white flames rose around his face, framing his golden mane in li
   ODD(1) L379 A voice spoke from the ridge above the water hole. It was faint, ancient, resonant—a voice that had been walking for months across the desert, carrying a song n
   ODD(1) L440 It was the fifth day after the assassination attempt, but the sound still echoed in the memory of every Wengari who had been in the palace that night. The Humma
   ODD(1) L444 Black Fire reached him first. The black scorpion had grown in the week since the collapse—still young, still small by the measure of a true Pearly Scorpion, but
   ODD(1) L446 And his tail—the very tip of his tail had changed to a pale, greenish hue, the color of marsh water and ancient roots.
   ODD(1) L482 They came from the north, riding hard on exhausted fire feet, their striped manes caked with dust. They brought news that silenced every council chamber and eve
   ODD(1) L513 "The Hummans would not invade," Seris said. She was standing at the edge of the war room, her diplomatic composure frayed but intact. She had not been invited, 
   ODD(1) L546 It reached Nefere through the roots beneath the Pyrinae district, a pulse of ancient consciousness pressing against her mind. It had sensed the Hummans moving t
   ODD(1) L562 The elite unit stood at the gate. Twenty Wengari warriors, handpicked by Sera, their dark pelts gleaming in the pre-dawn light. Behind them, a hundred Bright Pa
   ODD(1) L566 Nefere returned on the seventh day. She was exhausted, her ancient frame trembling, her clouded eyes bright with something that might have been hope or might ha
   ODD(1) L594 The war room was thick with the smell of old stone and older fear. The table at its center was carved from a single slab of desert granite, its surface worn smo
   ODD(1) L650 He reined his scorpion to a halt just beyond the range of the rune cannons, close enough to be heard, far enough to flee if the Wengari proved unreasonable. The
   ODD(1) L670 Sylva stood at the edge of the gate, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the growing light. She had heard the emissary. She had heard the title—*His 

=== HUM VARIANTS ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: {'Humman': 5, 'Hummans': 11, 'humman': 1}
   L277 [humman] 'goos they're nots just going along' - "The crown will use the entire 30% for infrastructure, we need better roads, better gardens, better lodging, th
chapter-arc4-02.md: {'Humman': 16, 'Hummans': 46, 'human': 1, 'humans': 1, 'humman': 3, 'hummans': 3}
   L48 [human] Ajani's internal monologue is the chapter's emotional engine. The contrast between his formal pronouncements and his private thoughts reveals a young 
   L240 [humans] "T'vat, send in the humans, but before call the royal guards outside they need to form a line from the entrance to the throne, make them wear the cere
   L494 [humman] "YOU SPEAK NOTHING BUT LIES, IN ONE BREATH YOU CLAIM NOT TO KNOW THE STONE EFFECTS THEN IN THE NEXT YOU SAY YOU USED IT TO STAND BEFORE ME WITH DIGNIT
   L538 [humman] "Guards take them away, and take the humman to her new chambers she has much to learn, I must speak to my regent, alone, shadows you are dismissed, yo
   L566 [humman] "I see now I can't leave yet, you need training, inner court is a den of green deaths, you need to temper and still yourself from now on you must sit 
   L204 [hummans] "Nefere how goes the task I asked of you ?" - 'i hope shes already spying on the hummans'
   L552 [hummans] "You did not notice the hummans deception I am deeply dissatisfied by that, you were also willing to grant them boons, hummans are not Pyrinae, they a
   L552 [hummans] "You did not notice the hummans deception I am deeply dissatisfied by that, you were also willing to grant them boons, hummans are not Pyrinae, they a
chapter-arc4-03.md: {'Humman': 5, 'Hummans': 4}
chapter-arc4-04.md: {'Humman': 5, 'Hummans': 11}
chapter-arc4-05.md: {'Humman': 37, 'Hummans': 14, 'humman': 1, 'hummans': 1}
   L70 [humman] 'stand, choke, and whisper' - "I said tell it to my face humman"
   L53 [hummans] *With that understanding let's continue the vignettes ajani met Kira one week after the golden Sun, you must now include vignettes of her , you have j
chapter-arc4-06.md: {'Humman': 31, 'Hummans': 10, 'humans': 1}
   L184 [humans] *Very well are we ready to continue with the gift giving? We are only missing the humans and the explanation of what ajani tried to do with the grimoi

=== KING/KING ===
chapter-arc4-01.md: 45 hits
   L12 Sylva had taken her place at the foot of the throne. Not on it—never on it—but beside it, a silent, silver-furred reminder that the regent was watching. She did not speak
   L12 Sylva had taken her place at the foot of the throne. Not on it—never on it—but beside it, a silent, silver-furred reminder that the regent was watching. She did not speak
   L17 The Stripe Paw elder, Zara, rose first. "King Ajani. The Stripe Paws wish to know when the trade agreements will be formalized. We have caravans waiting. The road will re
   L44 Ajani looked at Sylva. Sylva looked at Ajani. Then the king leaned forward, the green fire flaring gently along his claws, and began to explain.
   L46 The Hall of the Sun fell silent. Zara, who had been prepared to argue trade agreements and caravan contracts and the thousand logistical details that came with the overlo
   L49 Zara straightened. "The yearly tournament?" She considered for a moment, her golden eyes narrowing as she weighed the question. "It's the best thing that's happened to th
   L56 The silence that followed was not the silence of confusion or dissent. It was the silence of recalibration. Every elder in the Hall of the Sun had entered expecting to ne
   L61 Zara was the first to speak. Her golden eyes gleamed with the calculating light of a merchant who had just been handed the monopoly of a lifetime. "Logistics. Trade route
   L65 Kareth rose more slowly. His obsidian staff clicked against the stone, and his one good eye moved across the gathered elders before settling on the throne. "Intelligence.
   L71 The Bright Paw elders, still huddled near the front, exchanged uncertain glances. Solen, their High Priest, rose slowly. "And the Bright Paws, King Ajani? What is our dut
   L89 She raised one silver-furred paw, and her aura flared—not the gentle, patient flicker of Flowing Water, but something brighter, sharper, more urgent. "But I have a condit
   L96 The silence in the Hall of the Sun was absolute. It stretched, taut as a drawn bowstring, as the elders of every family absorbed what their king had just proposed. Not me
   L109 Sylva was the last to speak. The Motted Paw regent had not moved from her place beside the throne, and her silver aura flickered gently in the shadows. She had asked for 
   L118 The Shadow Paws are given intelligence and security—the thing they have always done in secret, now legitimized and made visible. For five thousand years, the Shadow Paws 
   L153 "Peace, Zara." Kareth's rough voice cut through the hall. The Shadow Paw elder had not risen from his seat, but his one good eye was fixed on the Stripe Paw chief with an
   L189 "And they would have earned it." Kareth's voice cut through the chaos like a blade. The Shadow Paw elder had risen now, his obsidian staff planted firmly on the stone, hi
   L189 "And they would have earned it." Kareth's voice cut through the chaos like a blade. The Shadow Paw elder had risen now, his obsidian staff planted firmly on the stone, hi
   L197 "Then that race will have proven itself stronger than the Wengari," Sylva said quietly from her place beside the throne. "And we will have learned something we did not kn
   L201 The Bright Paw elders were the last to speak. Solen rose slowly, his golden mane still dulled by the humiliation of the tournament, his ancient eyes meeting Ajani's with 
   L217 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws also accept. But I must ask—the fifteen percent for each family. That figure does not balance across five families, Kin
   L229 Solen, the High Priest, rose slowly. His golden mane was still dulled, his ancient shoulders still bowed from the weight of the tournament's humiliation. But his voice, w
   L265 "The coin is spoken for, you said. The crown will take thirty percent. The families will each take fifteen. The participants will take twenty-five. But the crown's share—
   L273 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "And I have a question. The crown and the regency are the prize. Every year. To any race. You have made this clear. But
   L280 The elders absorbed the king's words in silence. Zara's golden eyes were already moving, calculating, her merchant's mind tracing the flow of coin from the tournament's p
   L306 The elders did not erupt this time. They leaned forward. The king had just reframed the tournament in the starkest terms possible, and the words hung in the air like the 
   L325 'almost done' , "the crown holds the absolute power but it doesn't hold the absolute wisdom I am a young king, I humbly request these new offices to be filled, I need a c
   L328 The silence that followed was different from the silences that had come before. The elders of the four families exchanged glances—not the wary, calculating glances of pol
   L331 Zara spoke first, her rough voice uncharacteristically gentle. "You admit your limitations. Publicly. Before the council. Before the families." She shook her great head, 
   L331 Zara spoke first, her rough voice uncharacteristically gentle. "You admit your limitations. Publicly. Before the council. Before the families." She shook her great head, 
   L343 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws have been humiliated, but we are still the royal family. We will propose candidates for every office. We will compete with the other f
   L350 The shift in the room was immediate. The eagerness that had flickered in the elders' eyes moments before dimmed, replaced by something more cautious. The king had not des
   L363 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "The Motted Paws have no candidate for the coin master. We have been silent for too long to produce a suitable keeper o
   L375 She settled back onto her haunches, her striped mane rippling as she inclined her head toward the throne. "I withdraw Vasha from consideration. The king has chosen Maren 
   L383 Sylva's soft voice carried a faint note of amusement. "Then the Motted Paws will teach her our techniques of silent observation. She will learn to watch ledgers the way w
   L387 Solen, the old High Priest, inclined his head slowly. "The Bright Paws withdraw Torek. The king has chosen wisely. A scribe of forty years would have been competent. Mare
   L387 Solen, the old High Priest, inclined his head slowly. "The Bright Paws withdraw Torek. The king has chosen wisely. A scribe of forty years would have been competent. Mare
   L396 The elders felt the shift in the air before they understood its source. The king had been methodical, almost playful in his descriptions of the coin master's office—a hat
   L476 The First Tyrant was a Wengari of the Shadow Paws, known as the Black Fire. He unified most of the families and was a good king for 150 years before the madness took him.
   L480 The Third Tyrant was Uthgar Lightbringer, a Bright Paw. He was a builder and administrator who traveled widely in his youth. He made the original pact with the Kyre Tree 
   L498 Uthgard IX passed the Lightbringer's fire to his son in an ancient ritual and faded into nothing. Ajani was crowned king. He then faced the Council of the Families, revea
   L504 Kareth's one good eye held steady on the throne. The old general had seen too many young warriors die to be impressed by glory. He had watched cubs chase honor across the
   L515 Sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne. "The Motted Paws have observed Sera. She is skilled. She is disciplined. She is driven by something deeper than pride. 
   L519 "No," Kareth admitted. "She has always been a lone operative, an assassin, a shadow. But she learned to lead during the tournament. She fought beside Thane in the weeding
   L535 Kareth inclined his scarred head. "The Shadow Paws are not suited to this role. We are the darkness. We are the fear. Every race on Ethra knows that a Shadow Paw in the s
   L547 Kareth's scarred face twitched. "None taken. The Shadow Paws have profited from that confusion for five thousand years. But the king is building something new. We will ad
chapter-arc4-02.md: 95 hits
   L4 Solen rose slowly. The old High Priest's golden mane was still dulled, but his voice was steady. "The Bright Paws accept. We have been the royal family for three thousand
   L15 The silence that followed was not the silence of shock—the elders had absorbed too many revelations in too short a time for shock—but the silence of predators reassessing
   L17 And the king? The king would be free. Free to build the road. Free to travel. Free to fight. Free to leave the crushing weight of governance on someone else's back while 
   L17 And the king? The king would be free. Free to build the road. Free to travel. Free to fight. Free to leave the crushing weight of governance on someone else's back while 
   L24 Kareth's scarred face was unreadable, but his one good eye gleamed. "The grand vizier tied to the tournament. Win the tournament, hold the office. Hold it for life if you
   L28 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The grand vizier will hold the crown's authority. They will enact the crown's policy and law. They will oversee the other offices. 
   L28 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The grand vizier will hold the crown's authority. They will enact the crown's policy and law. They will oversee the other offices. 
   L32 Solen rose slowly. "The Bright Paws accept. The grand vizier will be the champion of the tournament. That is a prize worth fighting for. That is a prize worth training fo
   L35 Ajani leaned back on the cold throne. The green fire flickered gently along his claws. The plan was set. The offices were filled. The grand vizier would carry the weight 
   L48 Ajani's internal monologue is the chapter's emotional engine. The contrast between his formal pronouncements and his private thoughts reveals a young king who is performi
   L52 His strategic mind is also on full display. The grand vizier gambit was a masterstroke. He offloaded almost all his work onto the tournament champion, tied the most power
   L69 The old system was a monarchy in truth. The Bright Paws held absolute authority. The other families attended the annual ritual, paid their tithes, and were largely left a
   L75 What remains for the crown? The pact. The throne. The right to overrule the grand vizier in extremis. The right to defend the crown in the yearly tournament. And the road
   L75 What remains for the crown? The pact. The throne. The right to overrule the grand vizier in extremis. The right to defend the crown in the yearly tournament. And the road
   L75 What remains for the crown? The pact. The throne. The right to overrule the grand vizier in extremis. The right to defend the crown in the yearly tournament. And the road
   L82 "The king has given us the trade routes," Zara said, her rough voice carrying through the stables. "The logistics. The pricing for the finals. The Stripe Paws are now the
   L90 Vasha spoke without looking up from her tablet. "The king also appointed a Shadow Paw as coin master. Maren. She will control the treasury. She will oversee our trade agr
   L94 Zara's whiskers twitched. "I know. That's why I proposed you. The king chose otherwise. We will work with Maren. We will watch Maren. And we will ensure that the coin mas
   L94 Zara's whiskers twitched. "I know. That's why I proposed you. The king chose otherwise. We will work with Maren. We will watch Maren. And we will ensure that the coin mas
   L104 "The king has given us what we have never had," Kareth said, his rough voice echoing in the darkness. "Legitimacy. The coin master is ours. The security advisor is ours. 
   L129 Not through blood. Not through tradition. Through strength. That was the king's will. That was the new way. And the Bright Paws, who had ruled for three thousand years, w
   L137 But the grand vizier's office was tied to the tournament, and the tournament was yearly. Every year, a new champion would rise. Every year, the grand vizier would be chal
   L139 She closed her eyes, and her silver aura dimmed to a faint, gentle pulse. The Motted Paws had been silent for five thousand years. They were silent no longer. They were t
   L141 And when the next tournament came, they would be ready to defend the grand vizier's office with claws and patience and the quiet, inexorable power of Flowing Water. The k
   L143 Ajani sat on the throne at the far end of the hall, the white cloak of his father draped across his shoulders, the green fire flickering gently along his claws. He had ba
   L146 T'van stood at his side, a stack of scrolls tucked under one arm, his golden eyes bright with the particular exhaustion of a servant who had been running messages since d
   L154 'lets see what they want now' - "Friends! I Ajani first of my name, protector of the realm, heir to the light, disciple of the deep, king of the wengari of the desert and
   L154 'lets see what they want now' - "Friends! I Ajani first of my name, protector of the realm, heir to the light, disciple of the deep, king of the wengari of the desert and
   L160 "You have given yourself quite the title, King Ajani," Nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall. "Protector of the realm. Heir to the light. Disciple of t
   L160 "You have given yourself quite the title, King Ajani," Nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall. "Protector of the realm. Heir to the light. Disciple of t
   L164 She stopped at the center of the hall, her rune-glass staff humming faintly as she planted it on the polished stone. "The Pyrinae have come to discuss the road. Not the g
   L170 "You have given yourself quite the title, King Ajani," Nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall. "Protector of the realm. Heir to the light. Disciple of t
   L170 "You have given yourself quite the title, King Ajani," Nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall. "Protector of the realm. Heir to the light. Disciple of t
   L178 She paused, her clouded eyes meeting Ajani's. "The lord of the desert—" She used the Wengari term with the careful precision of someone who had spent centuries learning t
   L188 "Freedom comes at a cost," she repeated, as if tasting the words. "You gave us five cities. You gave us trade rights. You gave us a century of free passage on a road that
   L192 Mira, the Sun-Walker envoy, stepped forward. Her sharp merchant's eyes gleamed with the particular light of someone who had just been handed a complex negotiation and was
   L200 Nefere inclined her head one final time. "Then we will take our leave, King Ajani. The Stripe Paws are still in the capital—we will begin negotiations tonight. By morning
   L210 "The Hummans are restless, King Ajani. Ambassador Seris has spent the days since the tournament organizing her people—not merely the refreshments you demanded, but someth
   L210 "The Hummans are restless, King Ajani. Ambassador Seris has spent the days since the tournament organizing her people—not merely the refreshments you demanded, but someth
   L229 Nefere accepted the parchment with her ancient, weathered paws, her clouded eyes moving across the signatures—the king's mark and hers, side by side. She understood immed
   L236 She raised her clouded eyes to meet his. "I will continue the watching, King Ajani. The Hummans will be observed. The Stripe Paws will be observed. The delegations will b
   L244 T'van was already moving before the king finished speaking, his sandals slapping against the polished stone as he hurried toward the great bronze doors. "Royal guards! Ce
   L244 T'van was already moving before the king finished speaking, his sandals slapping against the polished stone as he hurried toward the great bronze doors. "Royal guards! Ce
   L254 "You summoned me, King Ajani," she said, her soft voice carrying through the hall. "I am here. The ceremonial armor is uncomfortable. I trust there is a reason."
   L260 "We are here, King Ajani," Sera said quietly. "Your shadows. We do not leave. We do not speak unless commanded. We do not reveal ourselves unless you wish it. This is our
   L272 "It will be done, King Ajani." Her voice was quiet, almost gentle, the voice of someone who had killed many times and taken no particular pleasure in it, but who understo
   L293 Behind her walked her daughter Lena, the young scribe who had been traded to the capital as surety for her people's good behavior. Her quick, nervous hands were still now
   L302 Sylva stepped forward from her place beside the throne. Her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleamed in the amber light, and her ancient voice carried through the silent ha
   L307 Another click. Seris's jaw tightened. She had been a diplomat for thirty years. She had negotiated with Stripe Paw warlords who could crush her skull in one paw. She had 
   L322 Sylva stepped forward, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming. "The king acknowledges your courage. It is not every Humman who can walk the length of this hall witho
   L326 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We have come to discuss the terms of our new brotherhood—a
   L332 "Ambassador Seris of the Hummans. Daughter of Verdantis. Keeper of the Scorpion Trade. The king welcomes you to his hall. The walk from the entrance to the throne is long
   L336 Seris inclined her head, her diplomatic composure still intact despite the tremor in the merchant behind her. "The Hummans are honored by the king's welcome. We have come
   L339 The claw tap continued its slow, steady rhythm against the armrest of the throne. Sylva heard it. She understood what it meant. The king was bored. The king wanted this m
   L339 The claw tap continued its slow, steady rhythm against the armrest of the throne. Sylva heard it. She understood what it meant. The king was bored. The king wanted this m
   L339 The claw tap continued its slow, steady rhythm against the armrest of the throne. Sylva heard it. She understood what it meant. The king was bored. The king wanted this m
   L342 She stepped forward again, her silver-chased ceremonial armor catching the amber light. "Ambassador Seris. The king's time is valuable. The tournament's aftermath has lef
   L342 She stepped forward again, her silver-chased ceremonial armor catching the amber light. "Ambassador Seris. The king's time is valuable. The tournament's aftermath has lef
   L357 Sylva heard the silence. It was louder than the tapping had been. She had learned to read the king's moods in the weeks since the tournament, and the sudden stillness of 
   L368 "The king's patience is legendary. It is not infinite. The Hummans will serve. The Hummans will prove themselves. And when you have done so—when your champions have fough
   L372 She inclined her head toward Seris, a gesture that was not unkind but was utterly final. "The king will grant you a stall in the market. One stall. Your guilds will be ho
   L381 The shadows moved before the echo of the king's voice died. Sera and her silent companion flowed out of the darkness behind the throne like oil spilling across water—sile
   L387 Seris did not resist. She knelt with the stiff, brittle dignity of a diplomat who had known this moment might come since she first accepted the king's terms. Her jaw was 
   L389 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne, her silver aura flickering faintly. She had been overruled. Publicly. Completely. Her patient diplomacy had been swept aside by 
   L389 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne, her silver aura flickering faintly. She had been overruled. Publicly. Completely. Her patient diplomacy had been swept aside by 
   L415 The guards rose as one, their golden manes bristling, their ceremonial armor clashing like cymbals as they snapped to attention. The roar that burst from twenty Bright Pa
   L420 "No weapons, King Ajani. No poisons. No artifacts. The Hummans are clean, as the guards reported." She paused, and her one good eye swept across the kneeling delegation w
   L424 She held up the paper, its surface covered in the ambassador's precise, cramped handwriting. "Names of Wengari. Stripe Paws, mostly. Merchants. Caravan masters. Guild lea
   L430 "You are correct, King Ajani." Sera's ruined face was impassive, but her one good eye gleamed. "I examined the ambassador's daughter while she knelt. The girl was trembli
   L434 She held up the list of names—the Stripe Paw merchants, the caravan masters, the guild leaders. "She did not come unprepared. Someone gave her something. An artifact. A c
   L450 He turned to the shadows behind the throne. "Sera. Your king commands. Search them again. Search them with eyes that know what to look for. Search them with the tools of 
   L454 Sera stepped forward, her ruined face impassive, her lacquered claws catching the amber light. "As you command, King Ajani." She moved toward the kneeling Hummans with th
   L473 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne. Her silver aura had gone very still. She had not noticed the discrepancy. She had watched the Hummans walk the length of the hal
   L475 The king had known. And the regent, for all her centuries of patience, had missed it entirely.
   L481 The roar echoed through the Great Hall like thunder rolling across the desert. The golden mosaics seemed to shiver in their settings. The amber light in the rune-glass fi
   L486 "King Ajani." Her voice was steady, but it cost her. "The stone was a gift. Given to me years ago by a Pyrinae trader who owed me a debt. I did not know it would shield a
   L490 She raised her dark eyes to meet the king's. "You demanded that we become your brothers. You demanded our best guilds, our best people, our presence in your capital. We h
   L502 "Both are true, King Ajani. I did not know the stone would work against the guards' display—not for certain. It was a gift from a Pyrinae trader who said it could 'steady
   L509 Sera moved before the last syllable left the king's mouth. Her lacquered claws closed around Lena's arm, and the young scribe let out a sharp, terrified gasp as she was d
   L515 Seris did not scream. She did not weep. She knelt on the cold stone, her daughter's terrified gasp still echoing in her ears, and she looked up at the king with eyes that
   L528 "I understand, King Ajani." Her voice was muffled against the stone, but it did not waver. "There will be no next time. The Hummans will serve. The Hummans will obey. The
   L533 Sylva stood motionless beside the throne. Her silver aura flickered gently in the amber light, and her ancient eyes moved from the kneeling ambassador to the terrified sc
   L535 She had misjudged the king. She had thought him a young warrior, impatient with ceremony, eager to escape the burdens of the crown. She had not seen the steel beneath the
   L535 She had misjudged the king. She had thought him a young warrior, impatient with ceremony, eager to escape the burdens of the crown. She had not seen the steel beneath the
   L535 She had misjudged the king. She had thought him a young warrior, impatient with ceremony, eager to escape the burdens of the crown. She had not seen the steel beneath the
   L535 She had misjudged the king. She had thought him a young warrior, impatient with ceremony, eager to escape the burdens of the crown. She had not seen the steel beneath the
   L548 "You wished to speak with me, King Ajani." Her soft voice was carefully neutral. "I am here."
   L569 Sylva absorbed the king's words in silence, her silver aura flickering gently in the amber light of the Great Hall. The king had rebuked her. The king had also promised t
   L569 Sylva absorbed the king's words in silence, her silver aura flickering gently in the amber light of the Great Hall. The king had rebuked her. The king had also promised t
   L569 Sylva absorbed the king's words in silence, her silver aura flickering gently in the amber light of the Great Hall. The king had rebuked her. The king had also promised t
   L569 Sylva absorbed the king's words in silence, her silver aura flickering gently in the amber light of the Great Hall. The king had rebuked her. The king had also promised t
   L579 She turned and walked toward the great bronze doors, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. The king had laughed at her—she had heard the laughte
   L579 She turned and walked toward the great bronze doors, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. The king had laughed at her—she had heard the laughte
   L579 She turned and walked toward the great bronze doors, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the amber light. The king had laughed at her—she had heard the laughte
   L597 The capital stirred with the arrival of foreign delegations. Word of the White Dawn had spread across the continent, carried by caravan masters and Pyrinae traders and th
chapter-arc4-03.md: 35 hits
   L22 The Stripe Paws came next, and their gift was Ember—but that was not all. Zara also presented a set of ceremonial barding for the fire foot, tooled leather inlaid with go
   L22 The Stripe Paws came next, and their gift was Ember—but that was not all. Zara also presented a set of ceremonial barding for the fire foot, tooled leather inlaid with go
   L26 The Bright Paws came last, and their gift was the most unexpected. Solen himself presented it—a young Bright Paw cub, no more than six years old, her golden mane still so
   L34 The cub nodded solemnly. "You're the king. You fought Sylva and almost lost but then you won because you're very fast with a saber. I want to learn the saber. Can I learn
   L38 Ajani smiled. It was not the smile of a king receiving a political gift. It was the smile of a young Wengari who recognized a kindred spirit. "You can learn the saber. Yo
   L41 The cub's ears pricked forward. She did not bow. She did not kneel. She simply nodded, as if the king had just confirmed something she already knew.
   L58 Lena set down the brush. Her dark eyes, when they met Sylva's, were steady. "My mother traded me for my people's survival. I am here as surety. If I fail, if I complain, 
   L58 Lena set down the brush. Her dark eyes, when they met Sylva's, were steady. "My mother traded me for my people's survival. I am here as surety. If I fail, if I complain, 
   L62 Sylva studied her for a long moment. Then she nodded, a slow, deliberate inclination of her elegant head. "You are stronger than you look, Lena of Verdantis. Your mother 
   L75 The saber blazed to life in his right paw, green fire trailing along the blade. He moved through the forms—the five forms of the sword, the nine of the spear, the seven o
   L90 "We are your shadows. We are always watching." Sera stepped onto the sand. "Your footwork has improved since the tournament. But you still favor the saber over the other 
   L102 They sparred until the sun was fully risen, and Ajani learned that Sera was faster than she looked, more patient than she seemed, and utterly merciless in exploiting ever
   L102 They sparred until the sun was fully risen, and Ajani learned that Sera was faster than she looked, more patient than she seemed, and utterly merciless in exploiting ever
   L102 They sparred until the sun was fully risen, and Ajani learned that Sera was faster than she looked, more patient than she seemed, and utterly merciless in exploiting ever
   L102 They sparred until the sun was fully risen, and Ajani learned that Sera was faster than she looked, more patient than she seemed, and utterly merciless in exploiting ever
   L112 Sera had begun recruiting for the elite unit. She had not chosen the strongest warriors or the fastest or the most aggressive. She had chosen the ones with something to l
   L119 The grand vizier's office, still held by Sylva until the next tournament, had become the nerve center of the new government. Every morning, the coin master, the security 
   L163 *You are keeping the bargain. You are building the road. You are uniting the families. You are doing what no king has done since the Lightbringer vanished. This is good. 
   L253 *You are offering me worship. Temples. Pilgrimages. A people who know my name—or the name you will give me. You are offering me a place in the minds of the Wengari, not a
   L277 The blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the Tree's focus. The voice that pressed against Ajani's mind was not hostile, but it was not accomm
   L395 Ajani stepped onto the raised stone platform at the center of the plaza. The crowd fell silent. The sun blazed overhead, golden and unforgiving, and the kyre flowers seem
   L405 Now the king was saying he knew.
   L409 Sylva watched from her place at Ajani's side, her silver aura flickering almost imperceptibly. She knew what was coming. She had seen the inner chamber, had knelt before 
   L427 Sylva stood motionless at Ajani's side, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the noon light. Her ancient face was unreadable. The crowd was accepting the lie. N
   L437 The crowd fell silent again, but it was a different silence now. The earlier excitement had been raw, chaotic, a release of tension and wonder. This silence was thoughtfu
   L447 From the Humman delegation near the eastern fountain, Seris watched in silence. Her dark eyes moved from the king on his stone platform to the crowd around her, to the fa
   L447 From the Humman delegation near the eastern fountain, Seris watched in silence. Her dark eyes moved from the king on his stone platform to the crowd around her, to the fa
   L451 A Motted Paw observer on the rooftop inclined her elegant head. Her silver aura flickered once, briefly, like a single ripple in still water. She had seen the inner chamb
   L456 One of the priests, a young female with a fresh scar across her muzzle from Motted Paw training, stepped forward and raised her voice. "The king speaks truth! We have alw
   L525 The plaza erupted. Not in the controlled roar of a tournament crowd, not in the thoughtful murmur of people parsing a vision, but in something rawer, something deeper. Th
   L525 The plaza erupted. Not in the controlled roar of a tournament crowd, not in the thoughtful murmur of people parsing a vision, but in something rawer, something deeper. Th
   L534 The young Bright Paw warrior who had spoken earlier, his golden mane still short from Motted Paw training, turned to his companion with blazing eyes. "He's going to walk 
   L541 Near the eastern fountain, the Humman ambassador Seris stood very still. Her dark eyes moved from the king on his stone platform to the crowd around her, to the faces of 
   L541 Near the eastern fountain, the Humman ambassador Seris stood very still. Her dark eyes moved from the king on his stone platform to the crowd around her, to the faces of 
   L545 Sylva stood motionless at Ajani's side, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the noon light. The faint flicker of her silver aura was the only sign of her thoug
chapter-arc4-04.md: 75 hits
   L16 T'van was at Ajani's side before the king had taken three steps, his golden eyes bright with the particular exhaustion of someone who had been running messages since dawn
   L16 T'van was at Ajani's side before the king had taken three steps, his golden eyes bright with the particular exhaustion of someone who had been running messages since dawn
   L24 T'van was already scribbling notes onto his ever-present scroll. "The Pyrinae. The Bright Paw priestess. Anything else, my king?"
   L43 Sylva walked the corridors of the palace alone, her silver-chased ceremonial armor catching the amber light of the rune-glass filaments. The faint flicker of her silver a
   L45 The elders would hear of this. They would have questions. They would have objections. And she would be the one who had to answer them, because the king—her young, brillia
   L45 The elders would hear of this. They would have questions. They would have objections. And she would be the one who had to answer them, because the king—her young, brillia
   L48 T'van appeared at her elbow, his scroll still clutched in one paw. "Regent. I relayed the king's message. He said—" The young priest hesitated, his ears flattening. "He s
   L70 "The Pyrinae," Sylva said quietly. "The king promised them the Golden Sun's blessing without consulting them. I must speak with Nefere before word reaches her through rum
   L77 Sylva nodded slowly. The Root-Speakers had been listening to the lord of the desert for three thousand years. They had never heard it speak. They had only felt its dreams
   L79 Seris stood alone near the eastern fountain, her dark eyes fixed on the stone platform where the king had stood. Her merchants had returned to their quarters. Her daughte
   L85 The Wengari were now being given a different lie—a lie that made them feel chosen, favored, destined to rule. It was a more effective lie than the Hummans had ever manage
   L91 She did not believe in gods. She believed in leverage. And the king, for all his brilliance, had just given her more leverage than she had ever possessed. The Golden Sun 
   L100 The eldest of the three, a Root-Speaker whose name had been forgotten even by her own order, raised one withered hand. The rune-glass filaments in the walls pulsed once, 
   L100 The eldest of the three, a Root-Speaker whose name had been forgotten even by her own order, raised one withered hand. The rune-glass filaments in the walls pulsed once, 
   L100 The eldest of the three, a Root-Speaker whose name had been forgotten even by her own order, raised one withered hand. The rune-glass filaments in the walls pulsed once, 
   L104 The second Root-Speaker, younger than the first but still old by any measure, shook his head slowly. "The lord of the desert does not speak. It feeds. It endures. It wait
   L108 The third Root-Speaker, the youngest of the three, spoke without raising his cowl. "Is that wrong? The lord of the desert has been our silent partner for three thousand y
   L108 The third Root-Speaker, the youngest of the three, spoke without raising his cowl. "Is that wrong? The lord of the desert has been our silent partner for three thousand y
   L108 The third Root-Speaker, the youngest of the three, spoke without raising his cowl. "Is that wrong? The lord of the desert has been our silent partner for three thousand y
   L112 The eldest Root-Speaker let out a long, slow breath. "The king has made it a brother. The king has made it a test. The king has made it a destination. The pilgrims will w
   L112 The eldest Root-Speaker let out a long, slow breath. "The king has made it a brother. The king has made it a test. The king has made it a destination. The pilgrims will w
   L112 The eldest Root-Speaker let out a long, slow breath. "The king has made it a brother. The king has made it a test. The king has made it a destination. The pilgrims will w
   L116 The second Root-Speaker raised his head, his cowl falling back to reveal a face lined with decades of silent contemplation. "We must listen. Not to the king. To the lord 
   L116 The second Root-Speaker raised his head, his cowl falling back to reveal a face lined with decades of silent contemplation. "We must listen. Not to the king. To the lord 
   L124 "I wondered when you would come," Nefere said without looking up. "The king has retired to bathe. The regent is left to manage the consequences. This is the way of govern
   L128 Sylva settled onto a woven mat opposite the Hydromancer, her silver-chased ceremonial armor chiming softly as she moved. "The king announced that the Golden Sun will exte
   L132 Nefere closed her palm, and the rune-glass sphere dimmed. "The king is clever. He knew that if he consulted me, I would have asked questions he could not answer. He knew 
   L132 Nefere closed her palm, and the rune-glass sphere dimmed. "The king is clever. He knew that if he consulted me, I would have asked questions he could not answer. He knew 
   L132 Nefere closed her palm, and the rune-glass sphere dimmed. "The king is clever. He knew that if he consulted me, I would have asked questions he could not answer. He knew 
   L135 Sylva was silent for a long moment. The Hydromancer's words were careful, measured, diplomatic—but beneath them, she could feel the tension. The Pyrinae had spent three t
   L135 Sylva was silent for a long moment. The Hydromancer's words were careful, measured, diplomatic—but beneath them, she could feel the tension. The Pyrinae had spent three t
   L140 "The king is not careless," Sylva said quietly. "He is young. He is eager. He is trying to build a new order while the old order still resists him at every turn. He made 
   L140 "The king is not careless," Sylva said quietly. "He is young. He is eager. He is trying to build a new order while the old order still resists him at every turn. He made 
   L148 "I did. All the elders did. The lord of the desert accepted our offerings, and it gave us its mark. But the king's pact is different. The king's pact is—" She paused, sea
   L148 "I did. All the elders did. The lord of the desert accepted our offerings, and it gave us its mark. But the king's pact is different. The king's pact is—" She paused, sea
   L148 "I did. All the elders did. The lord of the desert accepted our offerings, and it gave us its mark. But the king's pact is different. The king's pact is—" She paused, sea
   L152 Nefere closed her eyes. The rune-glass sphere in her palm pulsed once, twice, then dimmed entirely. "The Pyrinae have been patient for three thousand years. We can be pat
   L156 Sylva inclined her head. "Then tell them the truth. Tell them the lord of the desert is awake. Tell them it has chosen to be called the Golden Sun. Tell them it will ligh
   L160 Nefere's ancient eyes opened, and something flickered in their clouded depths—not amusement, not quite, but something close. "Upgraded. You are learning the language of s
   L168 "They will feed the Golden Sun," Sylva said quietly. "The same way the withering sickness fed it, before it woke. The same way the tournament fed it, when the strong gath
   L172 Nefere closed her eyes. The rune-glass sphere pulsed once, a slow, steady rhythm that matched the ancient Hydromancer's breathing. "Then I will pray to the Golden Sun tha
   L182 "The next tournament is in nine months," Vasha said without preamble. "The king has announced that the Golden Sun will choose pilgrims. We do not yet know how this will w
   L213 Sylva met with Ajani in the throne room at the end of each week, and their meetings had settled into a rhythm that was not quite comfortable but was no longer adversarial
   L224 Sylva inclined her head. "You are learning. A king who knows what he cannot do is more powerful than a king who believes he can do anything."
   L224 Sylva inclined her head. "You are learning. A king who knows what he cannot do is more powerful than a king who believes he can do anything."
   L232 "I have practiced many things over many years. Flattery is not one of them." She paused, her ancient eyes meeting his. "The Pilgrimage will begin soon. The Golden Sun wil
   L254 Lena nodded. "She is teaching me Flowing Water. Not the martial art—I am not a warrior. But the philosophy. Patience. Redirection. Endurance. She says the Hummans have al
   L265 In the taverns and the caravan grounds and the training halls, the stories grew. The shower of gold. The morning dew. The Styx fire. No one could agree on exactly what th
   L265 In the taverns and the caravan grounds and the training halls, the stories grew. The shower of gold. The morning dew. The Styx fire. No one could agree on exactly what th
   L278 "You said that yesterday," Kira pointed out. "And the day before. And the day before that. You are the king. You can do whatever you want. You could cancel your meetings.
   L286 "I am ready. I have been practicing with the wooden claw. I can show you. I can do the first form. I can do the second form too. I almost have the third form. I just need
   L335 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pale beneath
   L341 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her golden eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L341 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her golden eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L357 Kira's expression flickered. "Your father was the old king. The one who died. The one before you."
   L361 "Yes. His name was Uthgard. He was a good king. He would have been sad to hear about your parents." He straightened, the green fire flickering gently along his claws. "Yo
   L387 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pale beneath
   L393 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L393 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L443 Before either of them could speak again, the Stripe Paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. His weathered face went pale beneath
   L449 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L449 The cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "You're the king. I scratched the king. Are you going to kill me?"
   L488 Kira stared at him, her dark eyes wide with an emotion she had not felt in three years. She had been prepared for punishment. She had been prepared for death. She had not
   L494 Sera stood motionless in the shadows, her ruined face unreadable. The silent male Shadow Paw beside her had not moved, but his dark eyes were fixed on the cub with an int
   L510 Sera inclined her head, the faintest ghost of something that might once have been a smile flickering across her ruined face. She had served the Shadow Paws for decades, h
   L513 "As you command, King Ajani." She stepped forward and extended one lacquered claw toward Kira—not a threat, but an offering. "Come, little shadow. The palace baths are wa
   L521 Sera's voice was quiet, almost gentle. "Then you already know the hardest part. The rest can be learned. I will teach you. The regent will teach you. The king will teach 
   L521 Sera's voice was quiet, almost gentle. "Then you already know the hardest part. The rest can be learned. I will teach you. The regent will teach you. The king will teach 
   L529 Ajani's laugh echoed through the small courtyard, bright and genuine and utterly unkingly. "You can wear whatever you want, little sister. You can wear fire beetle chitin
   L587 "You're still dropping your left shoulder on the third form," Ajani said one morning, correcting her stance with a gentle paw. "My father used to say that a king who drop
   L587 "You're still dropping your left shoulder on the third form," Ajani said one morning, correcting her stance with a gentle paw. "My father used to say that a king who drop
   L595 Ajani was silent for a moment. The green fire dimmed along his claws. "Every day. He was a good king. He was a better father. He would have liked you." He raised his own 
   L604 Ajani did not move. He did not speak. He simply stood there, the practice saber still in his paw, the green fire flickering gently along his claws, and let her words run 
   L611 Kira stared at him. The unshed tears spilled over, tracking clean lines through the dust on her dark cheeks. "You're a stupid king. You're the stupidest king in the whole
   L611 Kira stared at him. The unshed tears spilled over, tracking clean lines through the dust on her dark cheeks. "You're a stupid king. You're the stupidest king in the whole
chapter-arc4-05.md: 80 hits
   L4 Ajani's whiskers twitched. "That's probably true. But I'm your stupid king. And you're stuck with me." He rose and picked up the practice saber. "Now pick up your weapon.
   L17 The maids complained to Mira, and Mira complained to Sylva, and Sylva simply shook her head and said nothing. The king had been carrying the weight of the crown for month
   L35 He was not the patient teacher who corrected Kira's footwork in the arena. He was the White Dawn, the heir of the Lightbringer, the king who had humiliated the Hummans tw
   L40 "Shadow Paw brat. The king's pet street rat. I heard she tried to steal his purse and he kept her like a stray."
   L44 Kira's ears flattened. Her claws extended before she could stop them. Sera's paw closed around her shoulder, gentle but immovable. "Not here," the assassin murmured. "Not
   L58 Seris stepped forward, her diplomatic composure cracking. "King Ajani, I apologize on behalf of my delegation. The merchant spoke out of turn. He will be disciplined. The
   L62 "Silence." Ajani did not look at her. His green-flecked eyes were fixed on the kneeling merchant, and the green fire along his claws had steadied into a cold, brilliant b
   L73 The merchant's mouth opened, but no sound came out. His throat worked convulsively, the way a prey animal's might when it realizes the predator's jaws are already closing
   L76 Ajani reached out and closed his paw around the merchant's throat. Not hard enough to crush—not yet—but enough to feel the rapid, terrified flutter of the Humman's pulse 
   L82 "I—I said—" The merchant's voice was a strangled rasp, forced out between the king's claws and the guards' unyielding grip. "I said she was a Shadow Paw brat. A street ra
   L82 "I—I said—" The merchant's voice was a strangled rasp, forced out between the king's claws and the guards' unyielding grip. "I said she was a Shadow Paw brat. A street ra
   L105 Kira stepped out of the shadows behind the throne, her dark pelt blending with the gloom, her golden eyes wide. She had seen death before—on the streets, in the market, i
   L108 "I am Ajani, first of my name. Protector of the realm. Chosen of the Golden Sun. Brother of the Deep. Heir to the Black Fire and the Lightbringer. Friend of the Pyrinae. 
   L111 Kira looked at the trembling merchants, at the corpse being dragged toward the great bronze doors, at the ambassador whose diplomatic mask had been shattered beyond repai
   L145 Seris saw the opening. She was a diplomat of thirty years, and she understood power even when it wore the face of a six-year-old child. The king had given his sister the 
   L145 Seris saw the opening. She was a diplomat of thirty years, and she understood power even when it wore the face of a six-year-old child. The king had given his sister the 
   L153 Kira looked down at the Humman ambassador kneeling before her, and the Great Hall was silent. The dead merchant's body lay crumpled at Seris's feet, and the ambassador's 
   L155 She had never been looked at like this before. On the streets, she had been invisible—a shadow among shadows, a stray to be kicked aside or ignored. Now the most powerful
   L157 She could feel the eyes of the Bright Paw guards and the Shadow Paw assassins and the servants and the scribes, all of them watching, all of them waiting to see what the 
   L177 It had cost her everything she had saved from thirty years of diplomatic service. She had intended to present it to the king as a gift. A gesture of goodwill. A tangible 
   L187 The second time, in the Great Hall, she had been overconfident. She had worn the hidden charm, the aura-dampening stone that was supposed to keep her standing. The Shadow
   L187 The second time, in the Great Hall, she had been overconfident. She had worn the hidden charm, the aura-dampening stone that was supposed to keep her standing. The Shadow
   L189 But this time. This time she had done everything right. She had spent weeks researching the king—his moods, his preferences, his relationship with the new cub. She had sp
   L189 But this time. This time she had done everything right. She had spent weeks researching the king—his moods, his preferences, his relationship with the new cub. She had sp
   L193 And it had all blown apart because a young Silk-Weaver with more ambition than sense had whispered a cruel joke to his companion. Because he had seen the Shadow Paw cub s
   L195 Seris pressed her forehead against the cool stone wall and closed her eyes. The anger was a living thing inside her, coiled and hot and utterly useless. She could not dir
   L195 Seris pressed her forehead against the cool stone wall and closed her eyes. The anger was a living thing inside her, coiled and hot and utterly useless. She could not dir
   L195 Seris pressed her forehead against the cool stone wall and closed her eyes. The anger was a living thing inside her, coiled and hot and utterly useless. She could not dir
   L195 Seris pressed her forehead against the cool stone wall and closed her eyes. The anger was a living thing inside her, coiled and hot and utterly useless. She could not dir
   L195 Seris pressed her forehead against the cool stone wall and closed her eyes. The anger was a living thing inside her, coiled and hot and utterly useless. She could not dir
   L203 She straightened her robes. She wiped her face. She walked to her writing desk and sat down, and by the light of the single oil lamp, she began to compose the letter to t
   L207 And when the letter was done, she would begin planning for the next audience. Because the Hummans had survived five hundred years of shame, and they would survive this to
   L211 If that creature was a Humman servant or a random passerby in the market, the egg's value would evaporate. The scorpion would be just another mount, worth a fraction of w
   L213 She could not let it go to waste. She could not wait for another audience to be granted through the proper channels. The foreign advisor had already processed her request
   L222 "Never mind what you heard." Seris pressed a small, folded parchment into her daughter's hands. "Take this to the Pyrinae quarter. Find Mira, the Sun-Walker envoy. Tell h
   L227 Behind her, in the shadows of the Humman quarter, two figures watched her go. One was a young Motted Paw envoy named Elyra's apprentice, still learning the art of silent 
   L231 Mira received the message within the hour. The Sun-Walker envoy read it in her private quarters, her sharp merchant's eyes scanning the careful handwriting. A gift for th
   L236 Meanwhile, Vex slipped through the shadows of the Humman quarter and entered the palace through a side passage that only the Shadow Paws knew. He found Sera in the traini
   L240 Sera's ruined face was impassive. "Does the king know?"
   L252 "No. She tried to stop it. She failed. The king punished the merchant, not her."
   L256 Sera nodded slowly. "Then she may still be useful. Tell the king. Let him decide."
   L260 Lena read the message in the dim light of the kitchen, her dark eyes moving across her mother's careful handwriting. A gift for the king. An egg that could not wait. A re
   L264 Vasha, the humorless cousin of Zara who had been rejected for three offices and was now the Stripe Paws' most effective negotiator, read the message twice. Then she compo
   L264 Vasha, the humorless cousin of Zara who had been rejected for three offices and was now the Stripe Paws' most effective negotiator, read the message twice. Then she compo
   L269 "Send word to the regent," Nefere said. "Tell her the Humman ambassador has a gift for the king that cannot wait. Tell her the Pyrinae vouch for the ambassador's sincerit
   L275 She brought the message to Sylva personally. "The Humman ambassador is attempting to reach the king through multiple channels," she said, her melodic voice carrying throu
   L279 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "The intelligence network is working as designed. The Shadow Paws are watching. The Pyrinae are reporting. The Motted Paws are obser
   L284 T'van entered, his scroll clutched in one paw, his golden eyes bright with the particular urgency of someone who had been running messages since the audience ended. "My k
   L292 "There's more, my king. Something strange. After the ambassador's messages went out, the families started moving. The Stripe Paw caravan masters began preparing something
   L300 "I don't know, my king. But Vasha of the Stripe Paws has been observed... delaying the ambassador's messages. Nothing overt. Just slow couriers. Misplaced scrolls. The us
   L326 He walked out of the chamber with Kira bouncing on his shoulders, her laughter echoing through the corridors. Servants scattered before them. Guards snapped to attention 
   L328 Sera and Vex exchanged a single glance from their position in the shadows behind the throne. It was the glance of two assassins who had guarded the king for months and ha
   L328 Sera and Vex exchanged a single glance from their position in the shadows behind the throne. It was the glance of two assassins who had guarded the king for months and ha
   L332 Vasha received the news in the Stripe Paw caravan grounds, where she had been reviewing the latest trade manifests. The king had left the palace. He was heading for a wat
   L338 Solen received the news in the temple of the Lightbringer, where he had been frantically searching the reliquary for something—anything—that could serve as a coronation g
   L343 "Prepare the reliquary for opening," Solen said, his ancient voice trembling with a mixture of terror and hope. "We will give the king his ancestor's armor. We will give 
   L346 Kareth received the news in the Shadow Paw quarter, where he had been finalizing the arrangements for the coronation gift. The rune-glass daggers were ready. They had bee
   L348 But the elders had been talking. The Shadow Paws were ascendant. Two offices. The king's personal guard. A Shadow Paw cub adopted into the royal family. Their influence w
   L351 "The gift has been changed," the elder said. "We will offer him a mate. One of our best females. Lira. She is skilled in the Eight Points. She is loyal. She is beautiful.
   L355 Kareth stared at the elder for a long moment. "Sera does not know. Vex does not know. The king will not react well to being ambushed. This is a mistake."
   L359 "It is a decision. The council has made it. Prepare Lira. We move now. The king is at the water hole. We will reach him before the other families."
   L367 "The king is at the water hole," Elyra reported. "The families are racing to reach him first. Seris's messages forced their hands. The coronation gifts will be presented 
   L371 Sylva's silver aura flickered gently. "Let them go. The king deserves an afternoon of peace. The families deserve to scramble. And I deserve to watch." She settled back i
   L427 Ajani stared at her for a long moment. Then he started to laugh. He laughed until his ribs ached, until the sound echoed off the rocks and carried across the desert. "My 
   L431 Zara stepped forward, her massive paw resting on Ember's flank. "The Stripe Paws do not forget. This is Ember. She carried you through the marshes for a year. She has bee
   L431 Zara stepped forward, her massive paw resting on Ember's flank. "The Stripe Paws do not forget. This is Ember. She carried you through the marshes for a year. She has bee
   L481 He reached out and placed both paws against her flank. The green fire flared along his claws, and Ember's scales shimmered in answer, the same faint, answering glow that 
   L483 Kira stared. She had never seen her brother like this. Not in the training arena, not in the Great Hall, not in the quiet moments on the rooftop garden at sunset. The kin
   L486 "Your brother," Vasha said, her humorless voice uncharacteristically soft, "rode that fire foot through the Flickermarch for a year. They survived the poison winds and th
   L533 She moved with the practiced grace of a master of the Eight Points, every step a demonstration of control. She had been told what was being asked of her. She had accepted
   L544 The elder stopped before Ajani and inclined his head. "King Ajani. The Shadow Paws have come to present your coronation gift. We apologize for the delay. We wished to off
   L563 Lira stood frozen in her bridal silks, her lacquered claws gleaming, her serene expression crumbling into confusion. She had been told the king would be receptive. She ha
   L593 Ajani examined the left side of the belt. "I cannot see it. I am the king. I declare the stitching perfect."
   L609 "I am the king. Royal decrees work however I say they work." He rose and turned to face Lira. His voice was gentle but firm. "Lira, daughter of the Shadow Paw council. Yo
   L616 The two assassins took their places behind their king, and the distance between them and the Shadow Paw contingent was very, very clear.
   L621 "The daggers," he said quietly. "Rune-glass, commissioned from the finest Pyrinae craftsmen, enhanced with sorcery to glow faintly in the presence of poisons or aura-damp
   L649 "The Motted Paws and the Pyrinae greet the king," Elyra said, her melodic voice carrying across the water hole. "We have come to present your coronation gifts. We apologi
   L653 Nefere's clouded eyes moved across the scene—the Stripe Paws exchanging coin, the Shadow Paws standing in shamed silence, Ajani wearing a new belt with rune-glass daggers
   L653 Nefere's clouded eyes moved across the scene—the Stripe Paws exchanging coin, the Shadow Paws standing in shamed silence, Ajani wearing a new belt with rune-glass daggers
   L661 "I still do not know which." Nefere unwrapped the bundle, revealing a spear of pure rune-glass, its shaft catching the afternoon light and refracting it into a thousand a
chapter-arc4-06.md: 74 hits
   L21 Layla—the Humman ambassador's daughter, standing at the edge of the gathering in her simple scribe's robes—caught Nefere's eye. The old Hydromancer's expression was very 
   L57 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L57 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L57 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L59 The Pyrinae, who had given him a spear that multiplied and were now watching him clutch a book like a cub with a new toy. The Humman ambassador, standing at the edge of t
   L61 And one pair of eyes, unseen, watching from the shadows of the ridge above the water hole. Ancient eyes. Patient eyes. Eyes that had been walking for months across the de
   L63 The silence stretched. No one spoke. Everyone was demanding an explanation with their eyes. Ajani looked up from the grimoire, his green-flecked gaze sweeping across the 
   L65 Sorcery was the domain of the Pyrinae and the Veylar and the ancient powers. Sorcery was runes and study and decades of patient practice. Sorcery was not something a youn
   L109 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L109 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L109 Every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. The Stripe Paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green
   L111 The Pyrinae, who had given him a spear that multiplied and were now watching him clutch a book like a cub with a new toy. The Humman ambassador, standing at the edge of t
   L113 And one pair of eyes, unseen, watching from the shadows of the ridge above the water hole. Ancient eyes. Patient eyes. Eyes that had been walking for months across the de
   L115 The silence stretched. No one spoke. Everyone was demanding an explanation with their eyes. Ajani looked up from the grimoire, his green-flecked gaze sweeping across the 
   L126 Seris stepped forward. Her diplomatic composure was in place, but her dark eyes betrayed her. She had been humiliated three times. She had lost people. She had scrambled 
   L129 "King Ajani." She knelt in the damp sand, the scorpion egg cradled in her arms. The silk wrapping had fallen away, and the egg's iridescent shell caught the afternoon lig
   L133 She paused. Her voice, when she continued, was very quiet. "I know we have not always been welcome. I know we have made mistakes. But this gift is given freely. No condit
   L152 Seris stared at him. Her arms tightened around the pulsing egg, and something flickered in her dark eyes—not anger, not quite, but the slow, painful understanding of some
   L152 Seris stared at him. Her arms tightened around the pulsing egg, and something flickered in her dark eyes—not anger, not quite, but the slow, painful understanding of some
   L186 The words came out wrong. He could hear them as soon as he spoke—too fast, too halting, the voice of a king who was trying very hard not to sound like a cub who had just 
   L192 The silence that followed was different from the silence that had greeted the Motted Paw grimoire or the Pyrinae spear. That silence had been wonder. This silence was con
   L200 Seris did not know what to say. She had prepared for refusal. She had prepared for anger. She had not prepared for the White Dawn, the heir of the Lightbringer, the king 
   L202 In a few hours—perhaps less—it would hatch. And the king, who was supposed to be its master, was looking at it the way a razor hare looked at a Styx.
   L209 "I am not scared. I am the king. The king is not scared of anything."
   L209 "I am not scared. I am the king. The king is not scared of anything."
   L237 "You can name it. You can train it. You can ride it through the Flickermarch. That is your right as the king's sister."
   L252 The egg cracked open in Ajani's paws, and he made a sound that was not a scream only because he was the king and kings did not scream. It was a strangled, high-pitched no
   L252 The egg cracked open in Ajani's paws, and he made a sound that was not a scream only because he was the king and kings did not scream. It was a strangled, high-pitched no
   L283 "King Ajani." Seris stepped forward, her diplomatic composure reassembling itself piece by piece. She had seen his fear. She had seen him stammer like a cub. But she was 
   L308 Seris stood at the edge of the gathering, her diplomatic composure flickering between horror and calculation. She had intended to present a mount—a single, magnificent Pe
   L310 She had never heard of scorpions with different colors emerging from the same clutch. She was not entirely sure what she had just given the king, but it was not what she 
   L312 But the king was doting on them. The king, who had stammered with fear at the sight of the egg, was now stroking the black scorpion's antennae and naming the red scorpion
   L312 But the king was doting on them. The king, who had stammered with fear at the sight of the egg, was now stroking the black scorpion's antennae and naming the red scorpion
   L315 Seris shifted modes with the practiced ease of a diplomat who had survived thirty years by adapting to circumstances she could not control. "The miniature Pearly Scorpion
   L334 Lira stopped mid-step. Her lacquered claws gleamed in the fading light, and her dark eyes flickered from the hissing hatchlings to the king who was smiling at them with a
   L345 "I am looking at him with appropriate respect for my king."
   L360 Solen tried to intervene. The old High Priest reached toward the spinning regalia, his ancient voice crying out something that was lost in the wind, and a pulse of white 
   L370 The armor had accepted them too. The armor had claimed them as part of the king's panoply.
   L379 A voice spoke from the ridge above the water hole. It was faint, ancient, resonant—a voice that had been walking for months across the desert, carrying a song no one had 
   L379 A voice spoke from the ridge above the water hole. It was faint, ancient, resonant—a voice that had been walking for months across the desert, carrying a song no one had 
   L384 Ajani's eyes closed. The spear slipped from his fingers and clattered onto the stone. The crown's white flames flickered and dimmed. And the White Dawn, the heir of the L
   L388 Sera and Vex reached him before anyone else could move. The two Shadow Paws formed a perimeter around their fallen king, their lacquered claws extended, their dark eyes d
   L390 The Motted Paws were observing with their characteristic silence, though Elyra's silver aura was flickering rapidly. The Pyrinae had formed a protective circle around Nef
   L404 By the third day, the elders began to return. Zara arrived first, her great frame filling the doorway of Ajani's chambers, her golden eyes taking in the unconscious king,
   L417 "That is a mistake. The blame is mine. I was overruled, but I should have stopped it sooner." He paused. "The king will wake. He is the White Dawn. He survived the Tree. 
   L432 She sent word to the Shadow Paws that the king's personal guard would be reinstated as soon as he woke. And she sent word to the Hummans that the ambassador's gift had be
   L434 She could not enter the inner chamber to speak with the Tree. The lord of the desert would only open its doors to the king, and the king was unconscious. So Sylva sat in 
   L434 She could not enter the inner chamber to speak with the Tree. The lord of the desert would only open its doors to the king, and the king was unconscious. So Sylva sat in 
   L436 By the seventh day, nothing had changed. Ajani lay in his bed, his armor glowing faintly, his scorpions on his chest, his sister at his side. The white Styx still circled
   L436 By the seventh day, nothing had changed. Ajani lay in his bed, his armor glowing faintly, his scorpions on his chest, his sister at his side. The white Styx still circled
   L440 It was the fifth day after the assassination attempt, but the sound still echoed in the memory of every Wengari who had been in the palace that night. The Humman assassin
   L442 No one knew how he had entered the city. No one knew how he had reached the king's chambers. He was simply there, a shadow among shadows, a blade in his hand, his dark ey
   L442 No one knew how he had entered the city. No one knew how he had reached the king's chambers. He was simply there, a shadow among shadows, a blade in his hand, his dark ey
   L448 The assassin did not see him. The assassin was looking at the bed, at the unconscious king, at the armor that still glowed faintly in the dim light of the chamber. He rai
   L452 By the time the guards burst through the door, the assassin was a heap of steaming, dissolving matter on the stone floor, and Black Fire was back on Ajani's chest, his ta
   L457 By the time the sun rose, the palace was in an uproar. Seris was summoned before Sylva in the council chamber, her diplomatic composure in ruins. "I had nothing to do wit
   L482 They came from the north, riding hard on exhausted fire feet, their striped manes caked with dust. They brought news that silenced every council chamber and every market 
   L484 It looked like a war declaration. It looked like an invasion. It looked like the Hummans, who had been humiliated and subjugated and stripped of their best, were seizing 
   L484 It looked like a war declaration. It looked like an invasion. It looked like the Hummans, who had been humiliated and subjugated and stripped of their best, were seizing 
   L490 Anktor was Ajani's cousin on his father's side, a golden-maned warrior of fifty years who had never expected to be king. He had trained in the Four Pillars, had performed
   L490 Anktor was Ajani's cousin on his father's side, a golden-maned warrior of fifty years who had never expected to be king. He had trained in the Four Pillars, had performed
   L521 Seris closed her mouth. The ambassador had been humiliated four times, and she was still trying. Sylva looked at her for a long moment. "Your king is coming. You did not 
   L525 "I did not know. I would have told you if I had known. I have no reason to protect a king who marches on my daughter's home."
   L546 It reached Nefere through the roots beneath the Pyrinae district, a pulse of ancient consciousness pressing against her mind. It had sensed the Hummans moving through the
   L552 The Tree's response was immediate. Go to the fifth well. The old well, the one where the razor hares gather at dawn. There will be flowers at the basin. You will not be a
   L552 The Tree's response was immediate. Go to the fifth well. The old well, the one where the razor hares gather at dawn. There will be flowers at the basin. You will not be a
   L584 The war room was tense in the hours before dawn. The Humman army would arrive with the sunrise. The True Dawn faction was still gathering in the eastern plaza. The elders
   L587 "We hold the gate," she said quietly. "We do not attack. We do not provoke. We hold the gate until the king wakes or the sun sets. Those are your orders."
   L647 Sylva rose from her chair. Her silver aura flickered once, steadied, and then she walked toward the window. "The Humman King has sent an emissary. He wants to talk before
   L647 Sylva rose from her chair. Her silver aura flickered once, steadied, and then she walked toward the window. "The Humman King has sent an emissary. He wants to talk before
   L647 Sylva rose from her chair. Her silver aura flickered once, steadied, and then she walked toward the window. "The Humman King has sent an emissary. He wants to talk before
   L670 Sylva stood at the edge of the gate, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the growing light. She had heard the emissary. She had heard the title—*His Wealthines
   L673 She turned to the war council. "The Humman King thinks we are already defeated. He thinks the king's illness has made us weak. He thinks numbers will break us." Her silve
   L673 She turned to the war council. "The Humman King thinks we are already defeated. He thinks the king's illness has made us weak. He thinks numbers will break us." Her silve

=== DUPLICATE PARAGRAPHS (>=2 occurrences, len>=35) ===
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p105 L316; chapter-arc4-04.md p123 L368; chapter-arc4-04.md p143 L424 :: ajani stood at the edge of the pens, his white cloak left behind in the palace, his golden mane pulled back in a simple traveler's knot. he had escaped. the morning had been consum
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p106 L318; chapter-arc4-04.md p124 L370; chapter-arc4-04.md p144 L426 :: let sylva handle the priests. let sylva handle everything. he was going to look at fire feet.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p107 L320; chapter-arc4-04.md p125 L372; chapter-arc4-04.md p145 L428 :: the breeding female was magnificent—a deep chestnut mare with powerful haunches and the distinctive ironcrest lineage in the set of her jaw. ajani leaned against the wooden railing
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p110 L326; chapter-arc4-04.md p128 L378; chapter-arc4-04.md p148 L434 :: ajani released her out of pure surprise. the scratch was shallow—the cub's claws were not yet fully developed—but it stung, and a thin line of blood welled along his cheekbone. he 
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p111 L328; chapter-arc4-04.md p129 L380; chapter-arc4-04.md p149 L436 :: "that," he said, "was very well done. you almost had my purse. the scratch was a nice touch. most pickpockets just run."
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p116 L344; chapter-arc4-04.md p134 L396; chapter-arc4-04.md p154 L452 :: ajani leaned against the wall, breathing hard, the thin line of blood still trickling down his cheek. "if i was going to kill you, i would not have run with you. what's your name, 
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md p60 L157; chapter-arc4-02.md p63 L167 :: nefere entered the great hall with the slow, deliberate grace of someone who had walked these floors when ajani's grandfather sat on the throne. her embedded rune-glass filaments p
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md p61 L159; chapter-arc4-02.md p64 L169 :: "you have given yourself quite the title, king ajani," nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall. "protector of the realm. heir to the light. disciple of the deep. k
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md p106 L283; chapter-arc4-03.md p117 L305 :: the roots pulsed again, and the pale green light flickered with something that might have been amusement or might have been calculation. the tree was not mocking ajani. it was test
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p122 L366; chapter-arc4-04.md p142 L422 :: the afternoon sun of the steadfast blazed over the market district of styxian, and the fire feet pens were the busiest section of the square. the great black war-mounts stamped and
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p127 L376; chapter-arc4-04.md p147 L432 :: his own paw closed around the small wrist before the pickpocket could withdraw, and he turned to find a young shadow paw cub dangling from his grip. her dark pelt was matted and di
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p130 L384; chapter-arc4-04.md p150 L440 :: the cub paused mid-crouch. she had expected anger, perhaps, or the guards being called. she had not expected appreciation. her eyes narrowed with suspicion, and ajani noticed for t
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p131 L386; chapter-arc4-04.md p151 L442 :: before either of them could speak again, the stripe paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze. his weathered face went pale beneath his strip
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p132 L390; chapter-arc4-04.md p152 L446 :: ajani grabbed the cub by the arm and ran. behind them, the market erupted in chaos—merchants shouting, guards scrambling, the stripe paw handler still kneeling in the dust. the cub
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p133 L392; chapter-arc4-04.md p153 L448 :: the cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing. "you're the king. i scratched the king. are you going to kill me?"
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p135 L400; chapter-arc4-04.md p155 L456 :: the cub hesitated. she was still crouched to run, still poised on the balls of her feet like a wild thing ready to bolt. "kira. i'm kira. my father was a ward at the west wall. he 
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p136 L404; chapter-arc4-04.md p156 L460 :: ajani's expression stilled. the west wall breach. he had been in the marshes when it happened, training under l'vat, learning the saber forms. his father had still been alive, stil
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p137 L406; chapter-arc4-04.md p157 L462 :: a bright paw cub would have been claimed by her family's priests within days. a stripe paw cub would have been adopted by a caravan master. a motted paw cub would have been taken i
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p138 L408; chapter-arc4-04.md p158 L464 :: "a shadow paw." he said it quietly, without judgment. "your family's elders are kareth and sera. they would have taken you in if they had known."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md p139 L412; chapter-arc4-04.md p159 L468 :: kira's laugh was sharp and bitter, far too old for a cub of six. "they don't know. they're too busy being important. the elders don't come to the west wall. the elders don't see wh
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md p131 L377; chapter-arc4-05.md p146 L438 :: "this is perfect," he said. "no elders. no ambassadors. no regent with a scroll of urgent matters. just warm rocks and cool water and my best sister."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md p133 L385; chapter-arc4-05.md p148 L447 :: "you are my only sister and therefore by definition my best sister. logic is important for a princess. toren would be proud." he closed his eyes and let the sun soak into his fur.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p9 L25; chapter-arc4-06.md p27 L69 :: the grimoire pulsed faintly in ajani's paws, its leather cover warm from the afternoon sun. he turned another page, watching the silver figure flow through the forms of flowing wat
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p11 L31; chapter-arc4-06.md p29 L75 :: he drew one of the rune-glass daggers from his belt—the one kira had slotted into the right loop—and pressed the tip carefully against a blank page. the grimoire accepted the blade
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p12 L33; chapter-arc4-06.md p30 L77 :: he arranged them in concentric circles, each ring feeding into the next, a self-contained sequence that should—if the book worked as elyra claimed—produce a simple burst of acceler
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p13 L35; chapter-arc4-06.md p31 L79 :: he ripped the page from the grimoire.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p14 L37; chapter-arc4-06.md p32 L81 :: the runes began to glow. pale green light traced the concentric circles, and the paper started to crumble from the edges inward, dissolving into fine, luminescent dust. every wenga
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p15 L39; chapter-arc4-06.md p33 L83 :: nefere's clouded gaze sharpened. elyra's silver aura flickered with something that might have been surprise or might have been satisfaction.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p16 L41; chapter-arc4-06.md p34 L85 :: the page dissolved entirely. in its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and wind, bound together 
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p17 L43; chapter-arc4-06.md p35 L87 :: for a single, breathless moment, the water hole was bathed in a soft, green-gold luminescence that smelled of marsh water and ancient roots and the patient, inexorable pulse of the
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p21 L57; chapter-arc4-06.md p41 L109 :: every eye at the water hole was fixed on him. the stripe paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green rain. the
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p22 L59; chapter-arc4-06.md p42 L111 :: the pyrinae, who had given him a spear that multiplied and were now watching him clutch a book like a cub with a new toy. the humman ambassador, standing at the edge of the gatheri
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md p23 L61; chapter-arc4-06.md p43 L113 :: and one pair of eyes, unseen, watching from the shadows of the ridge above the water hole. ancient eyes. patient eyes. eyes that had been walking for months across the desert, carr

=== DUPLICATE SENTENCES (>=2 occurrences, len>=35) ===
x7 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L341; chapter-arc4-01.md L565; chapter-arc4-02.md L30; chapter-arc4-02.md L352; chapter-arc4-03.md L72; chapter-arc4-05.md L282; chapter-arc4-05.md L374 :: sylva's silver aura flickered gently.
x6 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L171; chapter-arc4-01.md L257; chapter-arc4-01.md L275; chapter-arc4-01.md L295; chapter-arc4-01.md L365; chapter-arc4-01.md L517 :: sylva's soft voice carried from beside the throne.
x5 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L238; chapter-arc4-03.md L278; chapter-arc4-03.md L310; chapter-arc4-03.md L334; chapter-arc4-03.md L386 :: the blossom leaned closer, its petals trembling with the intensity of the tree's focus.
x4 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L113; chapter-arc4-01.md L205; chapter-arc4-01.md L301; chapter-arc4-02.md L36 :: ajani leaned back on the cold throne.
x4 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L113; chapter-arc4-01.md L205; chapter-arc4-01.md L301; chapter-arc4-02.md L36 :: the green fire flickered gently along his claws.
x4 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L264; chapter-arc4-03.md L226; chapter-arc4-04.md L38; chapter-arc4-04.md L304 :: ajani allowed himself the faintest twitch of his whiskers.
x4 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L556; chapter-arc4-04.md L136; chapter-arc4-04.md L164; chapter-arc4-06.md L471 :: sylva was silent for a long moment.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L16; chapter-arc4-02.md L26; chapter-arc4-02.md L124 :: win the tournament, hold the office.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L270; chapter-arc4-03.md L338; chapter-arc4-03.md L388 :: and when the tide comes, i will shield your people from the flicker's chaos.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L317; chapter-arc4-04.md L369; chapter-arc4-04.md L425 :: ajani stood at the edge of the pens, his white cloak left behind in the palace, his golden mane pulled back in a simple traveler's knot.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L317; chapter-arc4-04.md L369; chapter-arc4-04.md L425 :: the morning had been consumed by a tedious dispute between two bright paw priests over the proper wording of the new prayers to the golden sun, and sylva had been giving him that l
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L321; chapter-arc4-04.md L373; chapter-arc4-04.md L429 :: the breeding female was magnificent—a deep chestnut mare with powerful haunches and the distinctive ironcrest lineage in the set of her jaw.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L321; chapter-arc4-04.md L373; chapter-arc4-04.md L429 :: ajani leaned against the wooden railing, his green-flecked eyes tracing the lines of her flanks with the appreciation of someone who had spent three years riding fire feet across t
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L321; chapter-arc4-04.md L373; chapter-arc4-04.md L429 :: he was so absorbed that he almost did not feel the small paw slipping into his belt pouch.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L325; chapter-arc4-04.md L377; chapter-arc4-04.md L433 :: she was perhaps six years old, scrawny and underfed, and she did not beg or weep or plead for mercy.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L325; chapter-arc4-04.md L377; chapter-arc4-04.md L433 :: instead, she twisted in his grip and raked her claws across his face.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L327; chapter-arc4-04.md L379; chapter-arc4-04.md L435 :: ajani released her out of pure surprise.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L327; chapter-arc4-04.md L379; chapter-arc4-04.md L435 :: the scratch was shallow—the cub's claws were not yet fully developed—but it stung, and a thin line of blood welled along his cheekbone.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L327; chapter-arc4-04.md L379; chapter-arc4-04.md L435 :: he touched it with one paw and stared at the cub, who had landed on her feet and was already crouching to run.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L331; chapter-arc4-04.md L383; chapter-arc4-04.md L439 :: "that," he said, "was very well done.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L333; chapter-arc4-04.md L385; chapter-arc4-04.md L441 :: she had expected anger, perhaps, or the guards being called.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L337; chapter-arc4-04.md L389; chapter-arc4-04.md L445 :: before either of them could speak again, the stripe paw handler at the fire feet pen turned to greet his admiring customer and froze.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L337; chapter-arc4-04.md L389; chapter-arc4-04.md L445 :: his weathered face went pale beneath his striped fur.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L337; chapter-arc4-04.md L389; chapter-arc4-04.md L445 :: "your majesty!" the handler dropped to his knees in the dust, and every head in the vicinity turned.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L339; chapter-arc4-04.md L391; chapter-arc4-04.md L447 :: ajani grabbed the cub by the arm and ran.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L339; chapter-arc4-04.md L391; chapter-arc4-04.md L447 :: behind them, the market erupted in chaos—merchants shouting, guards scrambling, the stripe paw handler still kneeling in the dust.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L339; chapter-arc4-04.md L391; chapter-arc4-04.md L447 :: the cub, to her credit, did not resist.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L347; chapter-arc4-04.md L399; chapter-arc4-04.md L455 :: ajani leaned against the wall, breathing hard, the thin line of blood still trickling down his cheek.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L347; chapter-arc4-04.md L399; chapter-arc4-04.md L455 :: "if i was going to kill you, i would not have run with you.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L351; chapter-arc4-04.md L403; chapter-arc4-04.md L459 :: she was still crouched to run, still poised on the balls of her feet like a wild thing ready to bolt.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L351; chapter-arc4-04.md L403; chapter-arc4-04.md L459 :: my father was a ward at the west wall.
x3 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82; chapter-arc4-06.md L143 :: the stripe paws stopped exchanging coin.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L27; chapter-arc4-02.md L114 :: we have been silent for five thousand years.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L199; chapter-arc4-03.md L64 :: the motted paws have been patient for five thousand years.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L203; chapter-arc4-02.md L6 :: we have been the royal family for three thousand years.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L225; chapter-arc4-02.md L122 :: their training had been stripped and handed to the motted paws.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L299; chapter-arc4-02.md L6 :: and we will earn our place among the families once more."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L319; chapter-arc4-01.md L323 :: sylva's soft voice was the last to speak.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L319; chapter-arc4-01.md L323 :: "the motted paws will study the other races as we have always studied.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L319; chapter-arc4-01.md L323 :: flowing water adapts to every vessel.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L319; chapter-arc4-01.md L323 :: we will learn from the hummans, the pyrinae, the veylar, the threx.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-01.md L319; chapter-arc4-01.md L323 :: and we will teach the other families what we have learned.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L16; chapter-arc4-02.md L124 :: hold it for life, if you could keep winning.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L30; chapter-arc4-04.md L583 :: the motted paws have been silent for five thousand years.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L158; chapter-arc4-02.md L168 :: nefere entered the great hall with the slow, deliberate grace of someone who had walked these floors when ajani's grandfather sat on the throne.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L158; chapter-arc4-02.md L168 :: her embedded rune-glass filaments pulsed with soft amber light, and her clouded eyes swept across the golden mosaics with the quiet familiarity of an old friend returning to a well
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L158; chapter-arc4-02.md L168 :: behind her walked mira, the sharp-eyed sun-walker envoy, and the silent, cowled figure of the root-speaker.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L162; chapter-arc4-02.md L172 :: "you have given yourself quite the title, king ajani," nefere said, her ancient voice carrying through the hall.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L162; chapter-arc4-02.md L172 :: king of the wengari of the desert and the belt.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L162; chapter-arc4-02.md L172 :: the white dawn." she inclined her head, a gesture of respect that was also, somehow, a gentle teasing.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L162; chapter-arc4-02.md L172 :: "when you first sat on that throne, you were merely the son of uthgard.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: she stopped at the center of the hall, her rune-glass staff humming faintly as she planted it on the polished stone.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: "the pyrinae have come to discuss the road.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: not the grand vision—that is already agreed.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: the five cities you gave us are being surveyed.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: but the road itself will require materials that the desert cannot provide.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L166; chapter-arc4-02.md L176 :: the rune-belt has these things in abundance, but the rune-belt is not our territory.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L328; chapter-arc4-02.md L338 :: "the hummans are honored by the king's welcome.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L328; chapter-arc4-02.md L338 :: we have come to discuss the terms of our new brotherhood—and to express our gratitude for the opportunity to serve as refreshment providers during the tournament.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L328; chapter-arc4-02.md L338 :: the guilds were pleased to contribute.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L328; chapter-arc4-02.md L338 :: they hope to contribute more in the future."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L474; chapter-arc4-02.md L534 :: sylva stood motionless beside the throne.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L474; chapter-arc4-03.md L480 :: her silver aura had gone very still.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L592; chapter-arc4-05.md L498 :: you rode with our caravans for three years.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-02.md L592; chapter-arc4-05.md L498 :: we are only returning what was already given."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L154; chapter-arc4-03.md L172 :: the great blossom hung suspended in its web of roots, its petals closed tightly around the amber pool at its heart.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L162; chapter-arc4-03.md L180 :: the voice of the tree, when it came, was not a voice at all—not a sound, not a word, but a pressure against the mind, a weight of ancient consciousness pressing against the edges o
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L162; chapter-arc4-03.md L180 :: the tree did not speak in sentences.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L162; chapter-arc4-03.md L180 :: in the slow, patient hunger that had endured since before the wengari walked the desert.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L194; chapter-arc4-03.md L214 :: the roots of the kyre tree pulsed once, a slow, rhythmic throb that rippled through the ancient chamber like a heartbeat.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L194; chapter-arc4-03.md L214 :: the amber pool at its heart rippled, and the pressure against ajani's mind intensified—not the cold, patient hunger he had felt on his first visit, but something sharper.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L228; chapter-arc4-03.md L322 :: the roots of the kyre tree pulsed in slow, rhythmic waves, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L242; chapter-arc4-03.md L314 :: the energy i would expend would take centuries to recover.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L242; chapter-arc4-03.md L314 :: you are giving me food and asking me to work for it.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L244; chapter-arc4-03.md L314 :: this is a bargain i have never been offered before.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L274; chapter-arc4-03.md L300 :: the roots of the kyre tree pulsed slowly, thoughtfully, the pale green light rippling through the ancient chamber like breath through a sleeping giant.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L280; chapter-arc4-03.md L304 :: you say this will happen whether we make a pact or not.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L284; chapter-arc4-03.md L306 :: the roots pulsed again, and the pale green light flickered with something that might have been amusement or might have been calculation.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L324; chapter-arc4-04.md L114 :: this has always been the way of the desert.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L428; chapter-arc4-03.md L546 :: sylva stood motionless at ajani's side, her silver-chased ceremonial armor gleaming in the noon light.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L450; chapter-arc4-03.md L544 :: her daughter was in sylva's service.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L452; chapter-arc4-04.md L164 :: she had knelt before the lord of the desert.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L468; chapter-arc4-03.md L484 :: the noon sun hung directly overhead, a perfect golden disk in a sky bleached pale by the steadfast's unblinking gaze.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-03.md L468; chapter-arc4-03.md L484 :: every creature in the plaza stood in the full, uncompromising light of midday, and the heat pressed down on the crowd like a physical weight.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L260; chapter-arc4-06.md L231 :: seris was silent for a long moment.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L290; chapter-arc4-05.md L429 :: ajani stared at her for a long moment.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L363; chapter-arc4-04.md L419 :: "you said you're good at stealing purses.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L367; chapter-arc4-04.md L423 :: the afternoon sun of the steadfast blazed over the market district of styxian, and the fire feet pens were the busiest section of the square.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L367; chapter-arc4-04.md L423 :: the great black war-mounts stamped and snorted in their enclosures, their red feet leaving faint scorch marks on the stone, while a stripe paw handler extolled the virtues of a par
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L377; chapter-arc4-04.md L433 :: his own paw closed around the small wrist before the pickpocket could withdraw, and he turned to find a young shadow paw cub dangling from his grip.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L377; chapter-arc4-04.md L433 :: her dark pelt was matted and dirty, her ribs showing through her thin tunic, her wide eyes blazing with defiance rather than fear.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L385; chapter-arc4-04.md L441 :: her eyes narrowed with suspicion, and ajani noticed for the first time the faint scars on her forearms—old wounds, healed without proper care, the marks of a life spent surviving o
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L389; chapter-arc4-04.md L445 :: he recognized the green fire flickering along the king's claws, the green-flecked eyes, the golden mane now marked with a fresh scratch.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L391; chapter-arc4-04.md L447 :: she ran with him, her small legs pumping furiously, her dirty dark pelt blending with the shadows of the alleys they fled through.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L391; chapter-arc4-04.md L447 :: they ducked through a narrow passage, vaulted a low wall, and emerged in a quiet courtyard behind an abandoned storehouse.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L395; chapter-arc4-04.md L451 :: the cub yanked her arm free and backed away, her eyes still blazing.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L403; chapter-arc4-04.md L459 :: he died three years ago when a beetle broke through.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L403; chapter-arc4-04.md L459 :: i've been on the streets since then.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L405; chapter-arc4-04.md L461 :: he had been in the marshes when it happened, training under l'vat, learning the saber forms.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L405; chapter-arc4-04.md L461 :: his father had still been alive, still holding the pact together, still carrying the weight of the crown alone.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L405; chapter-arc4-04.md L461 :: he had not known about the ward who died at the wall, or the armorsmith who perished beside him, or the orphan they left behind.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L405; chapter-arc4-04.md L461 :: but he knew what it meant that no one had taken her in.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L407; chapter-arc4-04.md L463 :: a bright paw cub would have been claimed by her family's priests within days.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L407; chapter-arc4-04.md L463 :: a stripe paw cub would have been adopted by a caravan master.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L407; chapter-arc4-04.md L463 :: a motted paw cub would have been taken into the silent halls.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L407; chapter-arc4-04.md L463 :: but a shadow paw cub, heir of the first tyrant's shame, had been left to starve on the streets of the capital.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L411; chapter-arc4-04.md L467 :: "a shadow paw." he said it quietly, without judgment.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L411; chapter-arc4-04.md L467 :: "your family's elders are kareth and sera.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L411; chapter-arc4-04.md L467 :: they would have taken you in if they had known."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L415; chapter-arc4-04.md L471 :: kira's laugh was sharp and bitter, far too old for a cub of six.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L415; chapter-arc4-04.md L471 :: the elders don't come to the west wall.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L415; chapter-arc4-04.md L471 :: the elders don't see what happens to the ones who fall through the cracks.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L415; chapter-arc4-04.md L471 :: i'm not important enough for kareth to notice.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-04.md L415; chapter-arc4-04.md L471 :: i'm just a street rat with a dark pelt and the blood of the black fire in my veins.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L94; chapter-arc4-05.md L114 :: the green fire had not touched him—ajani had not used his aura, had not summoned the saber or the spear—he had simply closed his paw and twisted, and the humman's fragile vertebrae
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L106; chapter-arc4-05.md L124 :: she had seen death before—on the streets, in the market, in the rubble of the west wall where her parents had died.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L106; chapter-arc4-05.md L124 :: she had never seen death delivered so casually, so absolutely, by someone who was protecting her.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L380; chapter-arc4-05.md L442 :: no regent with a scroll of urgent matters.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L380; chapter-arc4-05.md L442 :: just warm rocks and cool water and my best sister."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L388; chapter-arc4-05.md L450 :: "you are my only sister and therefore by definition my best sister.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L388; chapter-arc4-05.md L450 :: toren would be proud." he closed his eyes and let the sun soak into his fur.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L400; chapter-arc4-05.md L510 :: and—" she tilted her head, her ears swiveling.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L437; chapter-arc4-05.md L502 :: thank you, vasha, for delaying the ambassador's messages and winning the race.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L437; chapter-arc4-05.md L502 :: you may now stop being angry about the three offices."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-05.md L494; chapter-arc4-06.md L319 :: it was impossible to tell with vasha.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L26; chapter-arc4-06.md L70 :: the grimoire pulsed faintly in ajani's paws, its leather cover warm from the afternoon sun.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L26; chapter-arc4-06.md L70 :: he turned another page, watching the silver figure flow through the forms of flowing water, and his mind was already racing ahead of the moment.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L26; chapter-arc4-06.md L70 :: a book that could hold sorcery formulas.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L26; chapter-arc4-06.md L70 :: a book that could animate any sequence.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L26; chapter-arc4-06.md L70 :: a book that could translate any language the motted paws had encountered.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L32; chapter-arc4-06.md L76 :: he drew one of the rune-glass daggers from his belt—the one kira had slotted into the right loop—and pressed the tip carefully against a blank page.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L32; chapter-arc4-06.md L76 :: the grimoire accepted the blade without resistance, the paper yielding like soft earth.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L32; chapter-arc4-06.md L76 :: the runic formulas flowed from his claws in the precise, elegant script l'vat had drilled into him during those long months in the marshes.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L34; chapter-arc4-06.md L78 :: he arranged them in concentric circles, each ring feeding into the next, a self-contained sequence that should—if the book worked as elyra claimed—produce a simple burst of acceler
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L36; chapter-arc4-06.md L80 :: he ripped the page from the grimoire.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82 :: pale green light traced the concentric circles, and the paper started to crumble from the edges inward, dissolving into fine, luminescent dust.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82 :: every wengari at the water hole went silent.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82 :: the shadow paws forgot their shame.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82 :: zara's great paw froze halfway to her cup.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L38; chapter-arc4-06.md L82 :: kira, still perched on ember's back, leaned forward with her dark eyes wide.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L40; chapter-arc4-06.md L84 :: elyra's silver aura flickered with something that might have been surprise or might have been satisfaction.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L42; chapter-arc4-06.md L86 :: in its place, a sphere of pale green light hovered in the air above ajani's palm—a perfect, pulsing orb of concentrated water and wind, bound together by the runic sequence he had 
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L42; chapter-arc4-06.md L86 :: the sphere shot upward, a streak of green against the amber sky, and exploded above the water hole in a shower of warm, glowing mist.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L42; chapter-arc4-06.md L86 :: droplets of light rained down over the gathered wengari, over the fire feet, over the stripe paws and the shadow paws and the motted paws and the pyrinae.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L44; chapter-arc4-06.md L88 :: for a single, breathless moment, the water hole was bathed in a soft, green-gold luminescence that smelled of marsh water and ancient roots and the patient, inexorable pulse of the
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L48; chapter-arc4-06.md L92 :: ajani stared at the empty space where the sphere had been.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L48; chapter-arc4-06.md L92 :: then he looked down at the grimoire.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L48; chapter-arc4-06.md L92 :: if i use a page for sorcery, it's gone.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L48; chapter-arc4-06.md L92 :: but if the book could grow new pages—if it could replenish itself—then this is not merely a grimoire.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L52; chapter-arc4-06.md L96 :: "the grimoire is bound to its owner.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L52; chapter-arc4-06.md L96 :: it is a living thing, in its fashion.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L56; chapter-arc4-06.md L108 :: ajani closed the grimoire and held it against his chest.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L56; chapter-arc4-06.md L108 :: the green fire along his claws had steadied into a warm, steady glow.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L56; chapter-arc4-06.md L108 :: but this—this is a piece of the future."
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L58; chapter-arc4-06.md L110 :: every eye at the water hole was fixed on him.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L58; chapter-arc4-06.md L110 :: the stripe paws, who had just watched their king rip a page from a book and conjure a ball of light that exploded into green rain.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L58; chapter-arc4-06.md L110 :: the shadow paws, who had just watched the same king accept a grimoire with more enthusiasm than he had shown for their daggers or their would-be bride.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L58; chapter-arc4-06.md L110 :: the motted paws, who had known what the grimoire could do but had not known the king would test it so immediately, so publicly, so successfully.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L60; chapter-arc4-06.md L112 :: the pyrinae, who had given him a spear that multiplied and were now watching him clutch a book like a cub with a new toy.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L60; chapter-arc4-06.md L112 :: the humman ambassador, standing at the edge of the gathering with her pulsing scorpion egg wrapped in silk, her dark eyes wide with the dawning realization that her gift—objectivel
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L62; chapter-arc4-06.md L114 :: and one pair of eyes, unseen, watching from the shadows of the ridge above the water hole.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L62; chapter-arc4-06.md L114 :: eyes that had been walking for months across the desert, carrying a song no one had heard in millennia.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L62; chapter-arc4-06.md L114 :: and the dragari was staring at the young king with an expression of pure, unguarded awe.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L64; chapter-arc4-06.md L116 :: everyone was demanding an explanation with their eyes.
x2 @ chapter-arc4-06.md L64; chapter-arc4-06.md L116 :: ajani looked up from the grimoire, his green-flecked gaze sweeping across the gathered families, the silent delegations, the watching shadows.
