=== CONTRACTIONS MISSING APOSTROPHE ===
chapter-arc5-02.md: 1 hits
   L68 [ill] "Toren sent word." M'rak's voice was calm, almost cheerful. "He's a bastard, but you can trust he'll want to live. If he says the capital needs us, th
chapter-arc5-11.md: 2 hits
   L25 [hell] _This is hell. I've stepped into hell._
   L25 [hell] _This is hell. I've stepped into hell._

=== LOWERCASE STANDALONE i ===

=== QUOTE INVENTORY (per chapter) ===
chapter-arc5-01.md: ascii"=190 ascii'=30 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-02.md: ascii"=46 ascii'=35 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-03.md: ascii"=68 ascii'=30 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-04.md: ascii"=16 ascii'=5 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-05.md: ascii"=0 ascii'=3 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-06.md: ascii"=68 ascii'=53 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-07.md: ascii"=26 ascii'=39 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-08.md: ascii"=14 ascii'=5 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-09.md: ascii"=10 ascii'=6 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-10.md: ascii"=34 ascii'=23 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-11.md: ascii"=174 ascii'=90 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-12.md: ascii"=12 ascii'=8 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-13.md: ascii"=12 ascii'=4 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-14.md: ascii"=14 ascii'=11 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-15.md: ascii"=10 ascii'=14 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-16.md: ascii"=58 ascii'=34 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-17.md: ascii"=18 ascii'=11 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-18.md: ascii"=52 ascii'=35 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-19.md: ascii"=36 ascii'=23 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-20.md: ascii"=4 ascii'=8 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-21.md: ascii"=8 ascii'=3 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0
chapter-arc5-22.md: ascii"=20 ascii'=21 curlyOpen"=0 curlyClose"=0 curlyOpen'=0 curlyClose'=0

=== LINES WITH ODD ASCII-DOUBLE-QUOTE COUNT ===

=== LINES WITH ODD ASCII-SINGLE-QUOTE COUNT ===
chapter-arc5-01.md L11 "The vanguard," said the veteran beside him. Her name was Toren, a Stripe Paw with scars across her muzzle and a missing ear. She had fought in three border war
chapter-arc5-01.md L16 They were mounted on the northern wall, twelve great constructs of rune-glass and ancient stone, their barrels aimed at the advancing line of scorpion riders. N
chapter-arc5-01.md L29 "It's never over," Toren said. "That was the test. Now comes the assault."
chapter-arc5-01.md L32 The second vanguard was already advancing. More riders this time—two hundred and fifty, their scorpions' iridescent shells gleaming in the rising sun, their cla
chapter-arc5-01.md L36 The first volley tore through the scorpion riders' front ranks, shattering carapaces and throwing riders from their mounts. The second volley struck the flank. 
chapter-arc5-01.md L50 The remnants of the second vanguard crashed against the elite unit like a wave against a cliff. The scorpions were larger than any fire foot, their pincers capa
chapter-arc5-01.md L52 He watched as the elite unit closed ranks, their Eight Points training taking over, their claws finding the gaps in the scorpions' armor, their bodies moving wi
chapter-arc5-01.md L109 Zara's great frame was rigid with tension. "The Stripe Paws are coming. The Shadow Paws are coming. The Motted Paws are coming. The Bright Paw loyalists are com
chapter-arc5-01.md L179 A ragged cheer went up from the far end of the table, where the Stripe Paw messengers had gathered. Zara's great paw slammed against the stone. "Three strikes! 
chapter-arc5-01.md L204 The cheer that went up this time was louder, fiercer, the sound of Wengari who had been waiting for a miracle and were watching one unfold before their eyes. Za
chapter-arc5-01.md L238 Vasha of the Stripe Paws sat at the head of the table—not because she had been appointed, but because she had arrived first on the very first day and claimed th
chapter-arc5-01.md L240 Elyra's apprentice—a young Motted Paw named Sylen, still learning the art of silent observation—sat at the far end of the table, his silver aura flickering fain
chapter-arc5-01.md L263 He looked at Toren, then at Vasha, then at Maren. "RiverSong is built atop the jade trees—fifteen-meter refulgent hardwoods whose aura adaptation makes them har
chapter-arc5-01.md L271 She paused. "I asked for a hundred shadow riders. They ride a variant of the Tide Wolves that lives only in the deep south. The wolves are larger than their bel
chapter-arc5-01.md L307 Kellan's trembling hands stilled. "Woh riders? What are Woh riders?"
chapter-arc5-01.md L311 Vasha's cold eyes fixed on him with an expression that was not quite contempt. It was something closer to surprise, as if she had forgotten he was there and was
chapter-arc5-01.md L323 Kellan's face had gone pale. "Gravity manipulation. They pin their prey to the ground."
chapter-arc5-01.md L343 Kellan's trembling resumed. "Ghosts. What are ghosts?"
chapter-arc5-01.md L351 Maren spoke last. Her lacquered claws rested on the table, her dark eyes fixed on Kellan with an expression that was not hostile but was not remotely comforting
chapter-arc5-01.md L381 "Four hundred scorpions! Four hundred! In twenty-five minutes! Do you know how much I paid for those?" He was pacing the length of the tent, his silk robes bill
chapter-arc5-01.md L399 Tamsin stared at him. She had served three generations of Humman kings. She had fought in a dozen border skirmishes and two actual wars. She had never been told
chapter-arc5-01.md L405 Mekhmed's face flushed. His jeweled fingers clenched around the edge of the campaign table. "You will address me as Your Wealthiness. You will do as I command. 
chapter-arc5-02.md L11 *We can't win against four hundred. We barely survived fifty.*
chapter-arc5-02.md L33 The scorpions' claws slipped. Their segmented legs scrabbled for purchase and found none. One by one, they fell, crashing back into the sand below, their riders
chapter-arc5-02.md L39 The Amuks' backs were rigged with platforms, and on those platforms sat Humman artillery crews. They carried long, cylindrical tubes of polished metal, their su
chapter-arc5-02.md L45 The second volley struck the Pyrinae sorcerers. Nefere's chanters had been maintaining the ice on the walls, their staves glowing with pale blue light, their vo
chapter-arc5-02.md L57 The eastern garrison was three hundred leagues from the capital, a sprawling fortress of sandstone and rune-glass that guarded the border against the Fire Beetl
chapter-arc5-02.md L61 M'rak led them. He was thirty years old, young for a general, his golden mane cropped short, his arms covered in the burn scars of a hundred Fire Beetle engagem
chapter-arc5-02.md L68 "Toren sent word." M'rak's voice was calm, almost cheerful. "He's a bastard, but you can trust he'll want to live. If he says the capital needs us, then we marc
chapter-arc5-02.md L72 The younger Wengari hesitated. The Woh thundered beneath them, its great strides eating up the desert. "M'rak... how do you know he will wake?"
chapter-arc5-02.md L81 She had received Vasha's message three weeks ago, and she had been marching ever since.
chapter-arc5-02.md L86 A young Stripe Paw officer approached, his expression uncertain. "General, can you trust Vasha? I heard she once sold a bag full of rocks for three months' allo
chapter-arc5-02.md L90 Reva laughed—a genuine, booming sound that echoed across the river basin. "Of course you can't trust her. That's why we must go. Vasha said the Hummans think li
chapter-arc5-02.md L116 "The elders love to sit on their high chairs and tell us to listen. Well, I'm fed up of listening. You didn't see the king in the arena—he was glorious! And I'm
chapter-arc5-02.md L123 Yvaria just laughed and rode ahead, her drums beating faster, her ghost's wings cutting through the night.
chapter-arc5-02.md L127 The Wengari on their backs were Shadow Paws, their dark pelts blending with the wolves' fur, their lacquered claws gleaming in the darkness.
chapter-arc5-02.md L129 Zephyr led them. He was young—perhaps twenty-two—his scarred face still bearing the marks of the tournament where he had fought and lost in the first phase. He 
chapter-arc5-03.md L6 "I knew you old fools would still be here. I bet you don't even know why the Hummans are here, right?"
chapter-arc5-03.md L10 Sylva looked at her. The regent's ancient eyes were hollow, her silver aura flickering with the guttering light of a candle in a storm. She had not slept in thr
chapter-arc5-03.md L21 Sylva's silver aura flickered. Her ancient eyes scanned the documents once, twice, three times. The handwriting was unmistakable. She had seen it every day for 
chapter-arc5-03.md L28 "You did not notice." Vasha's voice was flat, uninflected, utterly without mercy. "She was your maid. She sat outside your chambers every day. She copied your c
chapter-arc5-03.md L31 The elders stared at Sylva. Zara's golden eyes were wide with shock. Kareth's scarred face was unreadable, but his one good eye was fixed on the regent with an 
chapter-arc5-03.md L34 Sylva's legs gave way. She did not fall—she was too old, too disciplined, too deeply trained in Flowing Water to fall—but she sank onto the edge of the granite 
chapter-arc5-03.md L38 "She was learning," Vasha said. "She was learning everything. And then she used it. Your maid almost destroyed the capital. The king's intelligence network save
chapter-arc5-03.md L48 Vasha looked at her for a long moment. Then she spoke, and her voice was very slightly less cold. "Don't worry. Our council will save you. We sent for reinforce
chapter-arc5-03.md L69 Solen recognized it. The old High Priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, 
chapter-arc5-03.md L105 Solen recognized it. The old High Priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, 
chapter-arc5-03.md L126 "WHAT IS THAT?! SPEAK! WHAT IS THAT? WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THEY HAD THAT?!" Mekhmed's voice cracked. He turned on his generals, his face flushed with fury and 
chapter-arc5-03.md L130 His generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces carefully neutral. General Tamsin, her scarred face still set in the cold mask of someone who had been
chapter-arc5-03.md L151 The common Wengari came. They streamed through the temple gates—Stripe Paw merchants who had been trapped in the capital when the army arrived, Bright Paw serva
chapter-arc5-03.md L153 In the royal chamber, the world was quieter. The dome's booms were distant here, muffled by the thick stone walls of the palace. Lira stood guard outside the do
chapter-arc5-03.md L156 Lira spoke without looking at him. "Shouldn't we be out there? On the wall? The city is burning."
chapter-arc5-03.md L163 Lira's claws tightened. She had been humiliated at the water hole, presented as a bride and dismissed as a misunderstanding. She had been given a second chance 
chapter-arc5-03.md L165 Inside the chamber, Kira was curled in the corner. Her dark pelt was matted with sweat, her small body trembling. The white scorpion—Pearl, she had named her Pe
chapter-arc5-03.md L179 They hummed together, the three of them, a tiny chorus of comfort in the dim light of the royal chamber. And Kira, who had been alone for three years, who had f
chapter-arc5-04.md L10 The generals exchanged glances. Tamsin, her scarred face set in the cold mask of someone who had been told to shut it and had not forgotten, stepped forward. "Y
chapter-arc5-04.md L17 Tamsin stared at him. The other generals stared at him. The war drums pounded on outside, indifferent to the silence within the tent. Mekhmed's jeweled fingers 
chapter-arc5-04.md L38 Back in the command tent, Mekhmed watched the fissure spread across the dome's surface and smiled. It was not a pleasant smile. "You see? It worked." He turned 
chapter-arc5-05.md L13 On the northern wall, Sera raised her lacquered claws. The healed soldiers—those who had been carried to the temple and patched up and sent back to the line—for
chapter-arc5-05.md L15 But the Amuks were still firing. The volleys crashed against the wall—fireball after fireball, relentless, indiscriminate, tearing through the Pyrinae chanters 
chapter-arc5-05.md L21 But the wall was breaking. The Amuk fireballs had torn too many holes in the defenses. The Pyrinae sorcerers were exhausted, their rune-glass staves flickering,
chapter-arc5-06.md L5 M'rak saw the walls of the capital and felt hope for the first time in hours.
chapter-arc5-06.md L7 He had been riding since four in the morning, his Woh thundering across the desert at full pace, the eastern garrison's thirty riders stretched out behind him i
chapter-arc5-06.md L12 "RIDE FASTER!" His voice was raw, hoarse, barely audible over the thunder of the Wohs' feet. "THE WALLS ARE ABOUT TO BE BREACHED! RIDE FOR YOUR FAMILIES! RIDE F
chapter-arc5-06.md L23 In the war room, the elders looked up. Zara's golden eyes widened. Kareth's obsidian staff stopped its nervous tapping. Sylva, still seated at the edge of the g
chapter-arc5-06.md L25 The Woh riders came over the eastern ridge like a golden tide. Twenty fully grown theropods, each one four meters tall at the shoulder and five meters from snou
chapter-arc5-06.md L31 At his command, five Woh broke formation and charged toward the northern gate. Their AOE fields flared—shimmering domes of kinetic energy that expanded outward 
chapter-arc5-06.md L42 M'rak raised his voice above the chaos, his golden armor blazing in the morning sun. "TO THE WALLS! DEFEND THE CITY! DEFEND OUR BROTHERS!"
chapter-arc5-06.md L50 Mekhmed the Third was screaming. His silk robes were drenched with sweat, his jeweled fingers trembling as they pointed at the battlefield beyond the tent flaps
chapter-arc5-06.md L75 Mekhmed's voice was quiet now. The petulant fury of the earlier hours had burned away into something colder, something harder. His jeweled fingers were white-kn
chapter-arc5-06.md L87 Outside, the Woh riders were beginning to relax. M'rak had dismounted—or was about to dismount—his burn-scarred arms aching, his golden armor dented and scorche
chapter-arc5-06.md L94 "Last ditch," someone shouted. "They're sending their last riders to die!"
chapter-arc5-06.md L98 M'rak did not laugh. Something was wrong. The riders were moving too slowly. Their formations were too loose. They were not trying to engage. They were trying t
chapter-arc5-06.md L109 M'rak stared at the pillars of fire. His burn-scarred arms, already marked by fifteen years of Fire Beetle engagements, hung limp at his sides. He had seen Weng
chapter-arc5-06.md L116 "WHAT WAS THAT? There isn't an explosive that can do that. I would know. I have studied every weapon, every device, every scrap of sorcery that the Hummans poss
chapter-arc5-06.md L135 On the northern wall, M'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe. Five Wohs remained healthy. Five. Out of twenty. The others were 
chapter-arc5-06.md L137 M'rak stared at those patches, and something stirred in the back of his mind.
chapter-arc5-06.md L139 The knot in his stomach tightened. He had seen something like this before. Not the weapon itself—the weapon was new, or old, or both. But the aftermath. The gla
chapter-arc5-06.md L144 In the Humman command tent, Mekhmed was smiling. It was not a pleasant smile. "Serves them right. Stupid brutes. Did you see the way they just stood there? They
chapter-arc5-06.md L152 "Something Velarius left for a time like this." Mekhmed's smile widened. "The Fifth Tyrant was a monster, but he was our monster. And he left us many things. So
chapter-arc5-06.md L161 On the northern wall, M'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe. Five Wohs remained healthy. Five. Out of twenty. The others were 
chapter-arc5-06.md L163 M'rak stared at those patches, and something stirred in the back of his mind. A memory. A story. Something about the Fifth Tyrant. Something about Velarius Vane
chapter-arc5-06.md L166 In the Humman command tent, Mekhmed was smiling. It was not a pleasant smile. "Serves them right. Stupid brutes. Did you see the way they just stood there? They
chapter-arc5-06.md L174 "Something Velarius left for a time like this." Mekhmed's smile widened. "The Fifth Tyrant was a monster, but he was our monster. And he left us many things. So
chapter-arc5-06.md L183 M'rak turned, his hand going to the broken scorpion claw at his belt—the only weapon he had left. The other defenders on the wall braced for another attack. But
chapter-arc5-06.md L190 "SOMEONE IN COMMAND! SOMEONE IN COMMAND! I'M TAMSIN, GENERAL OF THE HUMANS! PLEASE, YOU MUST SAVE US! HE HAS—HE HAS VELARIUS MADNESS!"
chapter-arc5-06.md L193 M'rak's face lost its color. The memory that had been stirring at the edge of his thoughts since the fire pillars erupted snapped into place with terrible clari
chapter-arc5-06.md L203 The Plague had lasted sixty-five years. The Plague had killed eight percent of Ethra's population. The Plague had been born from Velarius Vane, and it had taken
chapter-arc5-07.md L11 M'rak knew that sound. The drums. The bone-vibration rhythm of the Motted Paw communication system, the ancient language that the ghosts understood. The ghosts 
chapter-arc5-07.md L36 "Tell me that isn't what I think it is."
chapter-arc5-07.md L40 Her voice was quiet. It was the quiet of someone who already knew the answer and was asking anyway, because the answer was too terrible to accept without confir
chapter-arc5-07.md L46 "You brought that filth into our home. You brought the Plague. The Fifth Tyrant's filth. Into our city. Near our families. Near our king." His grip tightened. T
chapter-arc5-07.md L49 In the inner chamber beneath the palace, the roots of the Kyre Tree were writhing. The lord of the desert, the Golden Sun, the ancient predator that had made a 
chapter-arc5-07.md L55 In the war room, Sylva felt it and doubled over. In the temple, Solen felt it and clutched his chest. In the royal chamber, Black Fire and Red Fire felt it and 
chapter-arc5-07.md L63 The suicide scorpions are also consistent with the Humman character we have established. The Hummans are not warriors. They are survivors. They have been adapti
chapter-arc5-07.md L65 And of course Mekhmed would use it without fully understanding what he was unleashing. The old general's line about all the races hunting them down is exactly r
chapter-arc5-07.md L67 The Tree's reaction is the connective tissue that binds this battle to the larger cosmic stakes. The lord of the desert has been wounded by the Plague before. I
chapter-arc5-07.md L69 This scene also serves a structural purpose. Ajani is unconscious, but the Tree is connected to him through the pact. The Tree's scream may be the thing that fi
chapter-arc5-07.md L75 The war room was thick with the smell of old stone and older fear. The maps on the granite table were still scattered from the earlier councils, marked with the
chapter-arc5-08.md L20 An old general—promoted twice in the past hour, his scarred face weary beyond measure—stood at the edge of the Humman perimeter and looked out across the glasse
chapter-arc5-09.md L15 M'rak did not speak. Sera did not speak. No one on the wall spoke. They simply stared at the purple mist and the shattered stone and the place where twenty Weng
chapter-arc5-09.md L17 In the Humman command tent, Mekhmed was laughing. It was not the petulant laughter of the earlier hours, not the cold satisfaction of the suicide scorpions' suc
chapter-arc5-10.md L5 Yvaria's voice cut through the chaos like a blade. She was aloft on her ghost, her drum harness strapped across her chest, her silver-furred paws clutching a ru
chapter-arc5-10.md L15 M'rak was no longer on the wall. He had run through the chaos, his burn-scarred arms pumping, his golden armor clashing against his chest, until he reached the 
chapter-arc5-10.md L17 The crystals embedded in its frame were ancient, their facets catching the morning sun and throwing it back in a thousand fractured sparks of amber and gold. Th
chapter-arc5-10.md L20 Nefere stood at the center of the circle, her clouded eyes fixed on the tower, her rune-glass staff humming with the same deep, resonant frequency as the ancien
chapter-arc5-10.md L28 A younger Hydromancer, her copper skin slick with sweat, raised her staff. "It's ready."
chapter-arc5-10.md L41 The eastern section of the wall was gone. The ancient stone had not merely cracked or crumbled; it had been erased, carved away by the beam's passage as if by a
chapter-arc5-10.md L69 The guards dragged Lena into the tent. She was small—smaller than any Wengari, small even for a Humman—her dark hair disheveled, her scribe's robes torn at the 
chapter-arc5-10.md L72 Mekhmed did not rise. He simply looked at her, his dark eyes cold and still. "Did you not write that they would be defenseless? That they only had a hundred sol
chapter-arc5-10.md L76 Lena was trembling. Her dark eyes darted around the tent, searching the faces of the generals for some flicker of mercy, some hint of understanding. She found n
chapter-arc5-10.md L80 "SILENCE." Mekhmed's voice cracked across the tent like a whip. "Guards. Silence her. Forever."
chapter-arc5-10.md L95 Lira saw him move and drew her own claws. The green glow of her poison matched his, and her dark eyes swept the corridor with the cold, practiced assessment of 
chapter-arc5-10.md L103 Lira saw him fall. Her own claws were still raised, her own body still poised to strike, but her pupils were dilating too, and the green glow on her lacquered c
chapter-arc5-10.md L107 The ground trembled again, but this time the rhythm was different. It was not the ponderous, earth-shaking stride of the Amuks or the skittering charge of the s
chapter-arc5-10.md L111 The eastern section of the wall was gone. A gaping wound, twenty meters wide, its edges still smoking, its stone blackened and cracked. The bodies of Wengari so
chapter-arc5-10.md L113 Then she heard the drums. The bone-vibration rhythm of the ghosts, the Motted Paw communication system, the ancient language that the bats understood. And benea
chapter-arc5-11.md L25 _This is hell. I've stepped into hell._
chapter-arc5-11.md L40 "This is your regent speaking. I am giving military command to M'rak. He holds the wall. He holds the gate. His orders are absolute. I will focus on helping the
chapter-arc5-11.md L48 Vasha's humorless face did not change. "I know."
chapter-arc5-11.md L52 On the wall, M'rak was watching the purple orb grow. It was as large as a Woh now, a sphere of sickly violet light that pulsed and throbbed above the battlefiel
chapter-arc5-11.md L56 Reva stared at the orb. She had been a general for twenty years. She had defended the western border against Fire Beetles and Humman raiders and the endless, gr
chapter-arc5-11.md L59 M'rak stared at her. The weight of the decision pressed down on him like the desert sun. He was a general of the eastern garrison. He had been given military co
chapter-arc5-11.md L68 "THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT! YOU COWARDLY VERMIN! YOUR PEOPLE CAME HERE TO KILL US! YOUR KING IS A MONSTER! YOU'RE ALL MONSTERS!"
chapter-arc5-11.md L77 The Stripe Paw froze. His son—a cub no older than Kira, his striped pelt still soft with youth, his golden eyes wide and earnest—was tugging at his father's arm
chapter-arc5-11.md L79 The Stripe Paw looked at his raised claws. He looked at the Humman merchant, who was not fighting back, who was not a soldier, who was only a man trapped in a c
chapter-arc5-11.md L86 The Humman merchant hung his head. His voice, when he spoke, was barely audible. "My daughter got a job at the palace. She was so proud. She said she was going 
chapter-arc5-11.md L90 Something changed in the crowd. The fury that had crackled through the temple moments before began to ebb, replaced by something quieter, something more fragile
chapter-arc5-11.md L95 Sylva arrived to see this. She had come from the war room, her silver-chased ceremonial armor still gleaming, her ancient eyes still hollow, her voice still raw
chapter-arc5-11.md L102 In the royal chamber, the door opened. Kira looked up and the scorpions stood at attention. A shimmering figure stood over Ajani. Kira sprang to action. "GET AW
chapter-arc5-11.md L108 "Cousin," he said, and his voice was light, almost amused. "Your form is too rough. And I'm here to help."
chapter-arc5-11.md L118 "You wound me, cousin. Don't you recognize one of your own?" He placed one paw over his chest and inclined his head in a mock bow. "I am Cefiro, from the great 
chapter-arc5-11.md L122 Kira's mind was racing. The great city of ice. Beyond the desert. Beyond the known world. It was impossible. Everyone knew there was nothing past the desert but
chapter-arc5-11.md L126 Cefiro looked at her, and his smile faded. When he spoke again, his voice was gentler. "Did you ever wonder why the Wengari call themselves the five families, b
chapter-arc5-11.md L132 "Then this one came. Three years ago. He walked out of the snow like a ghost, half-frozen and half-starved, and he asked if he could rest by our fire. He stayed
chapter-arc5-11.md L154 "Now it's all up to him, cousin." Cefiro settled onto the stone floor, crossing his long white legs beneath him, his pale blue eyes watching the cocoon with an 
chapter-arc5-11.md L159 M'rak stood at the edge of the shattered rampart and took stock of what remained. The morning sun was climbing toward its zenith, indifferent to the carnage bel
chapter-arc5-11.md L161 The suicide scorpions had retreated to the perimeter. It was a truce, or something like one, and M'rak did not trust it.
chapter-arc5-11.md L164 "How many body-able?" A young Bright Paw officer, her golden mane singed and her left arm bound in a bloody bandage, consulted a scrap of parchment. "Twenty eli
chapter-arc5-11.md L167 M'rak winced. He had arrived with thirty Wohs and a heart full of hope. He had lost twenty of them in the span of minutes. Reva had arrived with thirty more and
chapter-arc5-11.md L181 M'rak looked at them. A hundred civilians with table legs and scythes, standing in the shadow of the broken gate, asking to fight. They would die. He knew they 
chapter-arc5-11.md L186 "You there." M'rak pointed at her. "You said you were a general. You commanded soldiers. You know how to lead."
chapter-arc5-11.md L194 M'rak nodded. He gestured toward the column of civilians. "Here is your army. Man the wall. Defend it with your lives. You answer to me. You answer to her. You 
chapter-arc5-11.md L197 The civilians raised their scythes and their table legs and their clubs, and they shouted—a ragged, desperate roar that echoed across the broken stone. Tamsin s
chapter-arc5-11.md L205 M'rak looked at them. A hundred civilians with table legs and scythes, standing in the shadow of the broken gate, asking to fight. They would die. He knew they 
chapter-arc5-11.md L218 M'rak nodded. He gestured toward the column of civilians. "Here is your army. Man the wall. If the wall falls, we all fall. Go."
chapter-arc5-11.md L223 And M'rak turned back to the purple orb, which was still growing, still pulsing, still waiting.
chapter-arc5-11.md L225 Cefiro's voice had its own music — "cousin" instead of "brother," "this one" instead of "him," and a city described as "the great city of ice" rather than named
chapter-arc5-11.md L227 Kira stared at Cefiro for a long moment, her dark eyes still red from crying, her small body still tense from the hours of fear and the flashbacks and the sound
chapter-arc5-11.md L240 Kira took another step closer. She was circling him now, her dark eyes taking in the white fur, the black motes, the pale blue eyes, the way his body seemed to 
chapter-arc5-11.md L244 Cefiro's expression shifted. The patient calm gave way to something else—confusion, genuine and unguarded. He looked at Ajani, still unconscious in his cocoon o
chapter-arc5-11.md L252 Cefiro's claw traced down a page, stopped, and tapped triumphantly. "Single! He said he was single. No mate, no cubs, no—" He looked at Kira, and his pale blue 
chapter-arc5-11.md L256 Kira could not help it. She laughed. It was not a big laugh—she was too exhausted, too wrung out, too aware that the battle was still raging outside and her bro
chapter-arc5-11.md L264 "It's a long story." Kira settled onto the stone floor beside him, her scorpions clustering around her. "He caught me stealing his purse. I scratched his face. 
chapter-arc5-11.md L274 "It will be noon soon." The figure's voice was low and cold, the voice of something that had been waiting for a very long time and was running out of patience. 
chapter-arc5-11.md L282 "We also told you to open with them." The figure's voice did not rise, but the temperature in the tent seemed to drop. "We told you to deploy all five orbs at d
chapter-arc5-11.md L294 "I didn't know what they did! Why do I need to—"
chapter-arc5-11.md L300 The shadowy figure stepped over his body and raised its voice—and the voice that came out was Mekhmed's voice, perfectly mimicked, perfectly pitched, amplified 
chapter-arc5-11.md L303 Three more purple orbs rose from the Humman camp. They shot through the morning sky like bruises, trailing tendrils of violet mist, and they did not fly toward 
chapter-arc5-11.md L307 Tendrils of violet light unwound from each orb, stretching toward the others, linking together like the threads of a spider's web. The first orb reached toward 
chapter-arc5-11.md L314 "The shadow riders have been spotted on the northern ridge. They will arrive within the hour." The figure stepped over Mekhmed's body and walked toward the tent
chapter-arc5-12.md L9 Zephyr rode at their head. He was young, his scarred face still bearing the marks of the tournament where he had fought and lost in the first phase. He had not 
chapter-arc5-12.md L26 On the wall, M'rak saw them. His fur stood up along the back of his neck. His golden eyes went wide. He knew the history. He knew what the shadow flare was, wha
chapter-arc5-12.md L35 The shadow riders hit the purple net. And something unexpected happened. The wolves passed through. The Plague tendrils did not catch them. The violet light did
chapter-arc5-12.md L44 The shadow riders reached the gate. Their flames guttered and died, leaving only the faint, flickering remnant that had carried them through the desert night. Z
chapter-arc5-13.md L17 It drank. The effect was immediate. The figure's body convulsed, its limbs jerking, its spine arching, its mouth opening in a silent scream that became a gurgle
chapter-arc5-13.md L32 At the wall, the black thing took shape before them: a giant eight-legged creature with purple orbs in the place where its eyes would be. M'rak asked everyone p
chapter-arc5-14.md L7 And where its eyes should have been, two of the purple Plague orbs pulsed with sickly violet light, their tendrils woven into the creature's flesh like veins.
chapter-arc5-14.md L13 The Wohs' screams—deep, resonant, the sound of creatures that had never known fear and were now experiencing it for the first and last time—echoed across the sh
chapter-arc5-14.md L16 On the wall, M'rak stood frozen. His golden eyes were wide, his burn-scarred arms limp at his sides. He had been asked a question—"Any idea what that is?"—and h
chapter-arc5-14.md L20 Yvaria was already moving. Her ghost was still aloft, her drums were still strapped to her chest, her silver-furred paws were already reaching for her arrows. "
chapter-arc5-14.md L28 Tamsin, the Humman general, was already at the gate, shouting orders to the Bright Paw guards. "OPEN THE GATES! THOSE ARE MY PEOPLE! THEY'RE NOT FIGHTING ANYMOR
chapter-arc5-15.md L1 ## Chapter 15: 11:40 — M'rak Yells Clear
chapter-arc5-15.md L4 The black thing approaches slowly as if it couldn't quite control it's body, M'rak yells "ALL CANNONS FIRE!!!! FIRE THE RAY!!!! NOW!!! " all the rune cannons th
chapter-arc5-15.md L7 The black thing approached slowly, its eight legs dragging through the sand as if it could not quite control its own limbs. Each step was ponderous and uneven, 
chapter-arc5-15.md L9 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. Close enough that the mirror array, still standing in the ea
chapter-arc5-15.md L19 For a single, breathless moment, the wall was silent. Reva lowered her claws. Yvaria's ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums still. The Humman refugees in the 
chapter-arc5-15.md L28 M'rak stared. His voice was barely a whisper. "It reformed. We hit it with everything we had, and it reformed."
chapter-arc5-15.md L35 The black thing approached slowly, its eight legs dragging through the sand as if it could not quite control its own limbs. Each step was ponderous and uneven, 
chapter-arc5-15.md L37 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. He raised his voice above the chaos, above the screams of th
chapter-arc5-15.md L47 For a single, breathless moment, the wall was silent. Reva lowered her claws. Yvaria's ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums still. The Humman refugees in the 
chapter-arc5-15.md L56 M'rak stared. His voice was barely a whisper. "It reformed. We hit it with everything we had, and it reformed."
chapter-arc5-16.md L3 At 11:50, the temple summoned Solen. On the wall, M'rak was losing minutes he did not have.
chapter-arc5-16.md L10 "Solen. Absolve us from our vows. It's time."
chapter-arc5-16.md L13 Solen looked at him. The vows of a Bright Paw warrior were sworn to the Lightbringer, to the pact, to the Golden Sun. They were not merely words; they were the 
chapter-arc5-16.md L24 "If the city falls, there will be no High Priest." Solen's voice was quiet but absolute. "I am old. I have served the Lightbringer for longer than most of you h
chapter-arc5-16.md L41 The black Tide Wolves surged forward, their riders crouched low on their backs, their shadow flares igniting in sheets of dark flame. They hit the creature like
chapter-arc5-16.md L43 But every wound healed within seconds. The chitin knit itself together as fast as the wolves could tear it. The shadow fire guttered and died against the creatu
chapter-arc5-16.md L51 M'rak watched the creature take another step. And another. It was barely a league and a half away now, and it was still coming, and there was nothing left to th
chapter-arc5-16.md L53 Then, from behind him, a new sound rose above the chaos. It was not the roar of cannons or the scream of ghosts or the thunder of charging wolves. It was the sl
chapter-arc5-16.md L57 The broad-shouldered warrior who had asked for absolution walked at Solen's side. He had found a spear somewhere—an old, ceremonial weapon that had been hanging
chapter-arc5-16.md L67 The black thing approached slowly, its eight legs dragging through the sand as if it could not quite control its own limbs. Each step was ponderous and uneven, 
chapter-arc5-16.md L70 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. He raised his voice above the chaos, above the screams of th
chapter-arc5-16.md L77 For a single, breathless moment, the wall was silent. Reva lowered her claws. Yvaria's ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums still. The Humman refugees in the 
chapter-arc5-16.md L84 M'rak stared. His voice was barely a whisper. "It reformed. We hit it with everything we had, and it reformed."
chapter-arc5-16.md L95 Both Zephyr and Yvaria nodded. The black Tide Wolves surged forward, their riders crouched low on their backs, their shadow flares igniting in sheets of dark fl
chapter-arc5-16.md L97 But every wound healed within seconds. The chitin knit itself together as fast as the wolves could tear it. The shadow fire guttered and died against the creatu
chapter-arc5-16.md L110 At the wall, the creature kept advancing. Suddenly twenty light meteors fell in front of it, and then light pillars shot up to the sky. A twenty-first light pil
chapter-arc5-17.md L11 A twenty-first light pillar descended onto the wall itself, landing directly behind M'rak. The light faded, and from within it stepped Solen.
chapter-arc5-17.md L13 The High Priest of the Bright Paws was no longer the exhausted, hollow-eyed figure who had stumbled through the temple and the war room. He wore armor of brilli
chapter-arc5-17.md L15 His golden mane, which had been dulled by exhaustion and grief, now blazed with the radiance of the Steadfast itself. He knelt before M'rak, his ancient head bo
chapter-arc5-17.md L18 Tamsin stared. "Who is he?" Sera answered, her ruined face still, but her voice trembling with something that was not fear. A tear traced a clean line through t
chapter-arc5-17.md L26 Tamsin turned back to Sera, her scarred face pale. "What are they?" Sera's one good eye was still fixed on the golden figure kneeling before M'rak. "They're a l
chapter-arc5-17.md L30 M'rak stepped forward. His burn-scarred arms were trembling, his golden armor was dented and scorched, his voice was hoarse from hours of shouting orders. But w
chapter-arc5-17.md L33 Solen raised his head. His golden eyes met M'rak's, and he nodded once. Then he launched himself into the sky, his golden cloak streaming behind him, his spiked
chapter-arc5-18.md L12 Nefere screamed into the communication shell with a voice that cracked with desperation and fury. "FIRE!" The mirror array fired its last shot. The beam that er
chapter-arc5-18.md L22 M'rak stared at him. The wall was broken. The Wohs were dead. The ghosts were spent. The mirror array was destroyed. The Golden Cloaks had one last stand in the
chapter-arc5-18.md L31 Ajani's eyes opened.
chapter-arc5-18.md L35 In the war room, Sylva stopped mid-stride and turned toward the palace, her silver aura flickering with something that was not exhaustion. In the temple, the wo
chapter-arc5-18.md L41 In the royal chamber, Kira was on her feet. The cocoon of light that had enclosed her brother was dissolving, the pearlescent radiance fading into the golden ar
chapter-arc5-18.md L73 Ajani's head snapped toward the window so fast Kira heard the bones in his neck crack. He did not seem to notice. He was on his feet before she could speak, bef
chapter-arc5-18.md L79 Ajani did not speak. He reached into the air and the grimoire was there—the Motted Paw gift, the living book, still tucked into the satchel he had carried since
chapter-arc5-18.md L86 He turned to Kira. "Do you want to follow?" Kira nodded so fast her dark mane bounced. Cefiro reached into the white fur of his chest and produced a scroll, old
chapter-arc5-18.md L93 The golden wings folded and vanished as Ajani's boots hit the shattered stone of the rampart. The white Styx crown was still on his head, its flames burning ste
chapter-arc5-18.md L100 The awed whispers began before he finished speaking. "His Highness..." "The king..." "He's awake..." "The White Dawn..." The words rippled through the defenders
chapter-arc5-18.md L108 M'rak was already moving. He had not knelt—he was too much of a soldier to kneel when the enemy was a league away—and he reached Ajani's side in three strides. 
chapter-arc5-19.md L7 Ajani didn't wait for an answer. He launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the Pyrinae already material
chapter-arc5-19.md L18 Ajani did not look up from the grimoire. His claws were moving faster than they had ever moved, tracing runic circles and elemental sigils with the precision L'
chapter-arc5-19.md L22 On the ground, Zephyr heard him. The young Shadow Paw commander raised his lacquered claws and shouted to his riders. "YOU HEARD HIM! CHARGE! THE WHITE DAWN NEE
chapter-arc5-19.md L29 Ajani finished the first page. He tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light. He began to chant. The words we
chapter-arc5-19.md L35 A serpent of fire coiled into existence around his right arm. It was not a Wengari. It was not a creature of flesh and blood. It was fire given form and will—a 
chapter-arc5-19.md L39 It hurled itself at the black creature, and the two titans collided. The Golden Cloaks' barrier shattered. The shadow riders pulled back, their wolves panting, 
chapter-arc5-19.md L43 Ajani didn't wait for an answer. He launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the Pyrinae already material
chapter-arc5-19.md L54 Ajani did not look up from the grimoire. His claws were moving faster than they had ever moved, tracing runic circles and elemental sigils with the precision L'
chapter-arc5-19.md L58 On the ground, Zephyr heard him. The young Shadow Paw commander raised his lacquered claws and shouted to his riders. "YOU HEARD HIM! CHARGE! THE WHITE DAWN NEE
chapter-arc5-19.md L65 Ajani finished the first page. He tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light. He began to chant. The words we
chapter-arc5-19.md L71 The fire spear ignited. Alone among the five, it burst into brilliant, blazing flame, its shaft consumed by the elemental fury Ajani had called. The other spear
chapter-arc5-19.md L73 It tightened around Ajani's arm, and he felt his aura draining into it, felt the creature feeding on his strength.
chapter-arc5-19.md L75 The fire spear reshaped itself. From its blazing heart, a form emerged—a Wengari made of living flame, the size and shape of Ajani himself. A fire copy, a warri
chapter-arc5-19.md L84 Cefiro turned to the nearest Wengari, a Bright Paw guard whose jaw was hanging open. "What is he doing?" The guard did not answer. He did not know. No one knew.
chapter-arc5-19.md L91 The ice ring tightened. Ajani's fur froze white, and his breath misted in the desert heat. The water spear—the second of the five that still surrounded the crea
chapter-arc5-19.md L103 She understood what it would cost him. She limped across the shattered rampart, shoving through the crowd of awed soldiers and civilians, until she reached M'ra
chapter-arc5-19.md L109 The chant spread along the wall. Wengari and Humman, soldier and civilian, took up the words. The fire Ajani grew. The serpent on Ajani's arm tightened, and he 
chapter-arc5-20.md L11 A golden Styx materialized on his right shoulder. It was not the white male whose birth had heralded his coronation, not one of the circling females whose fires
chapter-arc5-20.md L20 Nefere saw the blood. She was still clutching the communication shell, still leaning on her cracked staff, still bruised from the mirror array's explosion. She 
chapter-arc5-21.md L3 It was 12:04 in the afternoon. The elemental avatars were giants. The city was chanting. And the White Dawn, suspended between fire and ice and light with blood
chapter-arc5-21.md L10 *Just two more. And then... well, let's hope I can still speak.*
chapter-arc5-21.md L32 Nefere stood beside him, leaning on her cracked staff, her ancient face grim. "No one has. It is not usually possible. Did you ever wonder why a sorcerer must c
chapter-arc5-22.md L4 Ajani tores a fifth page, deep gold runes adorn it and he chants visibily strained "Golden Spirit from the deep, the one who guards the gate, keeper of riches u
chapter-arc5-22.md L21 The creature screamed and hurled itself against the barrier. Cracks formed instantly, spider-webbing across the golden surface. But the golden spirit's halo spu
chapter-arc5-22.md L25 On the wall, soldiers fell to their knees. Zephyr's Tide Wolves collapsed onto their bellies, their shadow fires guttering. Yvaria's ghost settled onto the ston
chapter-arc5-22.md L34 Nefere's clouded eyes were fixed on the sky. "I know."
chapter-arc5-22.md L37 The creature screamed one last time and lost its form. The massive, eight-legged body of chitinous black flesh collapsed inward, folding and crumpling and disso
chapter-arc5-22.md L43 Ajani stared at the sixth page. The runes were already forming—golden, green, blue, red, white, and black—spiraling across the paper in concentric circles that 
chapter-arc5-22.md L47 *This is it. I barely have ten seconds, I think. I hope it's enough.*
chapter-arc5-22.md L49 He began to write. The grimoire's pages had never resisted him before, but this one seemed to push back, as if the words he was inscribing were too large for th
chapter-arc5-22.md L63 The avatars raised one hand each toward the sky. The runes that had been spiraling on the page broke free, shooting upward in a column of multicolored light tha

=== EM DASHES ===
chapter-arc5-01.md: em=60 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=18
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 1: 05:25 — Vasha Storms In
   ODD(1) L32 The second vanguard was already advancing. More riders this time—two hundred and fifty, their scorpions' iridescent shells gleaming in the rising sun, their cla
   ODD(1) L70 The war drums resumed. The third wave began to move—four hundred scorpion riders, their iridescent shells a sea of shifting colours in the climbing sun. The Amu
   ODD(1) L83 A young Motted Paw scout burst through the door, his silver fur matted with sweat. "The first vanguard is destroyed, Regent. Three rune cannon strikes. Two hund
   ODD(1) L116 The rune cannons fired again. The sound was deafening, a thunderous roar that shook the stone walls of the war room and rattled the maps on the table. Sylva fel
   ODD(1) L175 Silence. A long, agonizing silence, broken only by the distant pounding of the Humman war drums. Then the scout returned, breathless, his golden eyes wide. "Thr
   ODD(1) L190 The war room fell silent again. Sylva could feel the seconds dragging, each one a weight pressing down on her shoulders. The crimson hawks were aloft—forty of t
   ODD(1) L209 "The third wave is forming, Regent. Four hundred scorpion riders. The Amuks are still advancing. The Tide Wolf cavalry is circling to the east. And the elite un
   ODD(1) L229 She did not speak immediately. She simply looked at Sylva, her cold eyes sweeping across the war room—the exhausted regent, the grim elders, the messengers froz
   ODD(1) L236 The Hall of the Untrustworthy was a small, windowless chamber beneath the Great Hall, its walls lined with rune-glass filaments that pulsed with soft amber ligh
   ODD(1) L238 Vasha of the Stripe Paws sat at the head of the table—not because she had been appointed, but because she had arrived first on the very first day and claimed th
   ODD(1) L249 Toren looked up from his scroll. The old Bright Paw scribe had been underestimated his entire life—by his family, by his peers, by the council that had assigned
   ODD(1) L263 He looked at Toren, then at Vasha, then at Maren. "RiverSong is built atop the jade trees—fifteen-meter refulgent hardwoods whose aura adaptation makes them har
   ODD(1) L278 The war drums began to pound outside. The first rays of sunlight touched the sand before the northern gate. And the Council of the Untrustworthy sat in their wi
   ODD(1) L347 "Bats. Flicker-attuned, five-meter wingspan. They are named for their ability to manipulate light and achieve optical camouflage, much like the Tide Wolves of t
   ODD(1) L376 The Humman command tent was a sprawling pavilion of crimson silk, its walls embroidered with the golden sigil of the Verdantian Mercantile Empire—a scorpion coi
   ODD(3) L391 "The Wengari capital has stood for three thousand years," she said, her voice flat and hard. "That is longer than our people have existed on this continent. The
   ODD(1) L410 Outside, the third wave was forming—four hundred scorpion riders, the last of the vanguard, the last hope of a king who had never fought a battle. The Amuks wer
chapter-arc5-02.md: em=26 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=14
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 2: 06:55 — Sera Holds The Gate
   ODD(1) L19 Her voice carried across the courtyard, sharp and commanding. The elite unit obeyed without hesitation—they had trained for months under her, had learned to tru
   ODD(1) L27 But the cannons were not reloaded. The Pyrinae sorcerers were still chanting, their rune-glass staves humming with stored energy, but the runic sequences took t
   ODD(1) L29 The scorpions reached the wall. They began to climb, their claws punching through the ancient stone, their riders clinging to their backs. The Bright Paw guards
   ODD(1) L41 Volleys of fireballs drew parabolas over the air. They were not cannons—not in the way the Pyrinae understood cannons. They were smaller, more precise, more num
   ODD(1) L45 The second volley struck the Pyrinae sorcerers. Nefere's chanters had been maintaining the ice on the walls, their staves glowing with pale blue light, their vo
   ODD(1) L57 The eastern garrison was three hundred leagues from the capital, a sprawling fortress of sandstone and rune-glass that guarded the border against the Fire Beetl
   ODD(1) L61 M'rak led them. He was thirty years old, young for a general, his golden mane cropped short, his arms covered in the burn scars of a hundred Fire Beetle engagem
   ODD(1) L64 A younger Wengari rode beside him, his golden mane still soft with youth, his eyes wide with the particular terror of someone who had never ridden to war. "Gene
   ODD(1) L90 Reva laughed—a genuine, booming sound that echoed across the river basin. "Of course you can't trust her. That's why we must go. Vasha said the Hummans think li
   ODD(1) L99 The ghosts flew in silence. A hundred of them, their five-meter wingspans blotting out the stars, their bodies flickering in and out of visibility as their opti
   ODD(1) L116 "The elders love to sit on their high chairs and tell us to listen. Well, I'm fed up of listening. You didn't see the king in the arena—he was glorious! And I'm
   ODD(1) L125 The shadow riders moved like a storm. A hundred black Tide Wolves, their dense fur absorbing the moonlight, their bodies engulfed in the faint, flickering remna
   ODD(1) L141 They rode. East, west, south—they rode toward the capital, toward the gate, toward the battle that was already raging. The Woh riders thundered across the deser
chapter-arc5-03.md: em=43 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=21
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 3: 06:25 — The War Room Still Watches
   ODD(1) L14 Vasha stepped forward. Her humorless face was even more humorless than usual, and there was something in her cold eyes that Sylva had never seen before. Not sat
   ODD(1) L17 She threw a sheaf of papers onto the granite table. They scattered across the maps—copies of correspondence, written in the precise, careful hand of a Humman sc
   ODD(1) L21 Sylva's silver aura flickered. Her ancient eyes scanned the documents once, twice, three times. The handwriting was unmistakable. She had seen it every day for 
   ODD(3) L24 Her aura guttered. Her face went pale beneath its silver fur. "I—she was—I did not—"
   ODD(3) L34 Sylva's legs gave way. She did not fall—she was too old, too disciplined, too deeply trained in Flowing Water to fall—but she sank onto the edge of the granite 
   ODD(1) L60 A crackle of static. Then a voice—a young Pyrinae sorcerer, her words clipped and urgent. "South front in position." Another voice, older, rougher. "North front
   ODD(1) L69 Solen recognized it. The old High Priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, 
   ODD(1) L75 The Wengari inside the city cheered—a ragged, desperate roar of relief that echoed through the streets and courtyards and up to the burning walls.
   ODD(1) L82 A crackle of static. Then the voice of the southern sorcerer, quieter now, almost apologetic. "One hour. Perhaps an hour and a half, if the wind holds and the s
   ODD(1) L96 A crackle of static. Then a voice—a young Pyrinae sorcerer, her words clipped and urgent. "South front in position." Another voice, older, rougher. "North front
   ODD(1) L105 Solen recognized it. The old High Priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, 
   ODD(1) L111 The Wengari inside the city cheered—a ragged, desperate roar of relief that echoed through the streets and courtyards and up to the burning walls.
   ODD(1) L118 A crackle of static. Then the voice of the southern sorcerer, quieter now, almost apologetic. "One hour. Perhaps an hour and a half, if the wind holds and the s
   ODD(1) L126 "WHAT IS THAT?! SPEAK! WHAT IS THAT? WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THEY HAD THAT?!" Mekhmed's voice cracked. He turned on his generals, his face flushed with fury and 
   ODD(1) L130 His generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces carefully neutral. General Tamsin, her scarred face still set in the cold mask of someone who had been
   ODD(1) L134 Mekhmed stared at her. The golden light of the dome reflected in his dark eyes, and for a moment, something flickered across his face—uncertainty, perhaps, or t
   ODD(1) L137 The generals shot him a look. It was not a look of respect. It was not a look of obedience. It was a look of pure, unadulterated hatred—the hatred of soldiers w
   ODD(1) L139 Outside, the golden dome still shimmered over the capital. The scorpion riders were retreating across the sand, dragging their wounded behind them, their irides
   ODD(1) L151 The common Wengari came. They streamed through the temple gates—Stripe Paw merchants who had been trapped in the capital when the army arrived, Bright Paw serva
   ODD(1) L177 The scorpions hummed. It was the same low, rhythmic vibration they had used when Ajani first held them at the water hole—the not-quite-purr that had calmed him 
chapter-arc5-04.md: em=9 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=3
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 4: 07:55 — The Dome Shimmers
   ODD(1) L23 The Amuk beneath them was trembling. It was an old bull, its tusks notched from a dozen campaigns, its eight legs splayed wide to brace against the recoil. The 
   ODD(1) L31 The cannon erupted. The wind sorcery detonated with a roar that drowned out the war drums, that shook the sand, that sent a shockwave rippling across the battle
chapter-arc5-05.md: em=8 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=2
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 5: 08:15 — The Second Shot
   ODD(1) L9 The wind cannon roared. The steel ball struck the dome, and the light shield shattered. The golden hemisphere that had enclosed the capital for an hour fracture
chapter-arc5-06.md: em=35 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=17
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 6: 08:20 — The Light Shield Falls
   ODD(1) L7 He had been riding since four in the morning, his Woh thundering across the desert at full pace, the eastern garrison's thirty riders stretched out behind him i
   ODD(1) L15 The Wohs surged beneath them, their great legs churning the sand, their AOE fields shimmering around their massive forms like heat haze. They were the desert va
   ODD(1) L17 On the northern wall, the earth began to tremble. The Wengari defenders felt it through the stone—a low, rhythmic vibration that was not the pounding of the war
   ODD(1) L31 At his command, five Woh broke formation and charged toward the northern gate. Their AOE fields flared—shimmering domes of kinetic energy that expanded outward 
   ODD(1) L33 They fell in waves—dozens of them, then scores, their iridescent shells crashing into the sand below. The Wengari on the wall cheered. It was not a controlled c
   ODD(1) L37 The Humman artillery crews screamed as they fell. The second rank of Amuks tried to retreat, but the Woh were already among them—gravity-manipulating theropods 
   ODD(1) L78 Tamsin stepped forward. Her scarred face was no longer set in the cold mask of a general who had been told to shut it. It was twisted with fury. "Haven't enough
   ODD(1) L91 It was not a coordinated assault. The riders were scattered, their formations loose, their mounts moving at a lumbering pace that was almost leisurely. The Wohs
   ODD(1) L130 Seris raised her head. Her voice was hoarse, barely a whisper. "I don't know. I don't know what that was. I have never seen it. I did not know we had such a wea
   ODD(1) L135 On the northern wall, M'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe. Five Wohs remained healthy. Five. Out of twenty. The others were 
   ODD(1) L139 The knot in his stomach tightened. He had seen something like this before. Not the weapon itself—the weapon was new, or old, or both. But the aftermath. The gla
   ODD(1) L157 A rider on a Tide Wolf was approaching the city at full gallop. The wolf was a massive beast, its dark fur matted with sweat, its great legs eating up the dista
   ODD(1) L161 On the northern wall, M'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe. Five Wohs remained healthy. Five. Out of twenty. The others were 
   ODD(1) L183 M'rak turned, his hand going to the broken scorpion claw at his belt—the only weapon he had left. The other defenders on the wall braced for another attack. But
   ODD(1) L190 "SOMEONE IN COMMAND! SOMEONE IN COMMAND! I'M TAMSIN, GENERAL OF THE HUMANS! PLEASE, YOU MUST SAVE US! HE HAS—HE HAS VELARIUS MADNESS!"
   ODD(1) L205 On the sand before the wall, a second contingent of suicide scorpions was already marching. Fifty more riders, their mounts moving at that same slow, deliberate
chapter-arc5-07.md: em=16 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=6
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 7: 08:40 — The Plague Comes
   ODD(1) L5 Drums were heard from the sky. Not the low, pounding war drums of the Humman army, but something older, something rhythmic and resonant that vibrated through th
   ODD(3) L20 In the Humman command tent, Mekhmed was laughing. "Stupid brutes! See what happens when you mess with me? They thought they could hide in the sky! They thought 
   ODD(1) L31 The ghosts landed in silence. What remained of them—sixty-five of the hundred that had flown through the night, their great wings folding against their bodies, 
   ODD(1) L33 Yvaria dismounted before her ghost had fully touched the ground. Her young face, so bright with fierce determination when she had ridden through the darkness de
   ODD(1) L53 The roots thrashed against the stone walls of the chamber, their pale green light flickering erratically, their slow, patient hunger replaced by something that 
chapter-arc5-08.md: em=13 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=1
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 8: 08:45 — Scorpions Still Marching
chapter-arc5-09.md: em=11 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=3
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 9: 09:00 — The Truce Lasts An Hour
   ODD(1) L24 Mekhmed turned to face them. His smile was gone. His face was utterly, terrifyingly serious. "That is victory. Did you think Velarius started with a big array? 
   ODD(1) L35 In the inner chamber beneath the palace, the roots of the Kyre Tree were thrashing. The lord of the desert had felt the First Tyrant's fire five thousand years 
chapter-arc5-10.md: em=25 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=13
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 10: 09:30 — The Wall Breaks
   ODD(1) L8 "RETREAT! RETREAT FROM THE WALL! CORDON THE ZONE—SIX SPEARS RADIUS! NO ONE GETS NEAR!"
   ODD(1) L15 M'rak was no longer on the wall. He had run through the chaos, his burn-scarred arms pumping, his golden armor clashing against his chest, until he reached the 
   ODD(1) L24 She did not look at him. "I don't know. We barely had any time to test it. It's a rush job." Her voice was calm, but her ancient paws were trembling on her staf
   ODD(1) L35 The tower began to glow. It started as a faint shimmer at its apex, a point of golden light that pulsed once, twice, and then steadied into a brilliant, blindin
   ODD(3) L76 Lena was trembling. Her dark eyes darted around the tent, searching the faces of the generals for some flicker of mercy, some hint of understanding. She found n
   ODD(1) L86 One of the guards stepped forward, his sword raised high. Lena fell to her knees. "Please! Please, I only wanted to help my people! I only wanted to save us fro
   ODD(1) L93 Vex smelled it first. His nose stiffened, his dark ears swiveling forward, his pupils dilating as the scent hit him. It was not a Wengari scent. It was not Humm
   ODD(1) L101 He raked his claws across his own arm. It was a desperate act—the act of an assassin who understood that his own poison might be the only weapon fast enough to 
   ODD(1) L107 The ground trembled again, but this time the rhythm was different. It was not the ponderous, earth-shaking stride of the Amuks or the skittering charge of the s
   ODD(1) L113 Then she heard the drums. The bone-vibration rhythm of the ghosts, the Motted Paw communication system, the ancient language that the bats understood. And benea
   ODD(1) L116 "TURN BACK! TURN BACK! THE ORB IS COMING! TURN—"
   ODD(1) L121 The blast was not an explosion. It was an unfolding—a silent, terrible blossoming of violet light that expanded outward in concentric rings, consuming everythin
chapter-arc5-11.md: em=37 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=19
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 11: 09:45 — The War Becomes Worse
   ODD(1) L21 A severed Woh leg, still encased in its natural plate armor, lay near the gate, its owner nowhere to be seen. The smell was overwhelming—blood and smoke and the
   ODD(1) L27 The war room had become a tomb. The maps on the granite table were scattered and torn, stained with sweat and dust and the faint, lingering residue of the rune-
   ODD(1) L82 "I'm sorry." His voice was hoarse, barely a whisper. He released the merchant and pulled him into a rough embrace. "My brother is on the wall. I just... I don't
   ODD(1) L105 He was tall—taller than Ajani, taller than any Wengari Kira had ever seen, at least two and a half meters from his paws to the tips of his ears. His fur was whi
   ODD(1) L147 The medallion began to glow. It pulsed once, twice, and then it melted—not into liquid, but into light, a soft, pearlescent radiance that seeped into the golden
   ODD(1) L164 "How many body-able?" A young Bright Paw officer, her golden mane singed and her left arm bound in a bloody bandage, consulted a scrap of parchment. "Twenty eli
   ODD(1) L173 The thought was cold and unwelcome. He pushed it aside. He did not have the luxury of doubt. He was the commander now—the regent had given him the authority, an
   ODD(1) L175 A sound drew his attention. From the streets below the wall, a column of figures was approaching. They were not soldiers. They carried scythes and table legs an
   ODD(1) L178 The one who spoke was a Humman. He was young, his dark hair cropped short, his merchant's robes torn and dusty. He looked up at M'rak with eyes that were terrif
   ODD(1) L197 The civilians raised their scythes and their table legs and their clubs, and they shouted—a ragged, desperate roar that echoed across the broken stone. Tamsin s
   ODD(1) L225 Cefiro's voice had its own music — "cousin" instead of "brother," "this one" instead of "him," and a city described as "the great city of ice" rather than named
   ODD(1) L236 Cefiro inclined his head. It was not quite a bow. It was the gesture of someone who had been taught formal courtesy and found it mildly amusing. "I am. Prince o
   ODD(1) L252 Cefiro's claw traced down a page, stopped, and tapped triumphantly. "Single! He said he was single. No mate, no cubs, no—" He looked at Kira, and his pale blue 
   ODD(1) L278 Mekhmed's jeweled fingers twisted together. "I'm almost there! Your weapons are defective! They blew up the last purple thing—the mirror tower, the Wengari fire
   ODD(1) L286 "They were too valuable! The brutes were weak, I thought we could—"
   ODD(1) L294 "I didn't know what they did! Why do I need to—"
   ODD(1) L300 The shadowy figure stepped over his body and raised its voice—and the voice that came out was Mekhmed's voice, perfectly mimicked, perfectly pitched, amplified 
   ODD(1) L303 Three more purple orbs rose from the Humman camp. They shot through the morning sky like bruises, trailing tendrils of violet mist, and they did not fly toward 
chapter-arc5-12.md: em=12 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=8
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 12: 10:35 — The Wall Blanketed
   ODD(1) L5 The shadow riders came over the northern ridge like a black tide. A hundred Tide Wolves, their dense fur absorbing the morning light, their bodies engulfed in t
   ODD(1) L11 It stretched across the northern approach to the capital like a wound in the sky. Four orbs, each one pulsing with sickly violet light, their tendrils woven tog
   ODD(1) L14 One of his riders pulled up beside him. The voice was young, barely steady. "Zephyr. What is that? The screams—"
   ODD(1) L21 The order spread down the line. The Shadow Paws raised their lacquered claws, and the Tide Wolves beneath them answered. The shadow flare ignited—not the faint,
   ODD(1) L26 On the wall, M'rak saw them. His fur stood up along the back of his neck. His golden eyes went wide. He knew the history. He knew what the shadow flare was, wha
   ODD(1) L30 In the sky, Yvaria saw them. She was still aloft on her ghost, her drum harness strapped across her chest, her rune-glass communication shell pressed to her lip
   ODD(1) L41 Behind them, the purple net was coming apart. The tendrils were shriveling. The orbs were flickering. The screams of the trapped were fading into silence. And t
chapter-arc5-13.md: em=11 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=5
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 13: 11:20 — The Shadow Figure Drinks
   ODD(1) L5 The shadowy figure stood alone in the remnants of the command tent, its hood fallen back to reveal a face that was not quite Humman—something older, something c
   ODD(1) L17 It drank. The effect was immediate. The figure's body convulsed, its limbs jerking, its spine arching, its mouth opening in a silent scream that became a gurgle
   ODD(1) L23 They fled. A hundred scorpion riders, their iridescent shells cracked and bleeding. Twenty Tide Wolf riders, their mounts snarling with fear. The last Amuk, its
   ODD(1) L25 The wolves dissolved, absorbed, and the black mass pulsed with new strength. It began to glow—not the violet of the Plague orbs, but a deeper, older darkness, a
chapter-arc5-14.md: em=10 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=2
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 14: 11:35 — The Wall Learns Horror
   ODD(3) L5 The creature rose from the blackened sand like a nightmare given form. It was enormous—sixteen meters from its base to the crown of its misshapen head—and its b
chapter-arc5-15.md: em=5 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=5
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 15: 11:40 — M'rak Yells Clear
   ODD(1) L9 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. Close enough that the mirror array, still standing in the ea
   ODD(1) L15 The rune cannons roared. All sixteen of them, their sorcerers chanting in unison, their barrels aimed at the massive, swaying target. The volley struck the crea
   ODD(1) L37 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. He raised his voice above the chaos, above the screams of th
   ODD(1) L43 The rune cannons roared. All sixteen of them, their sorcerers chanting in unison, their barrels aimed at the massive, swaying target. The volley struck the crea
chapter-arc5-16.md: em=14 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=6
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 16: 11:50 — Vows Are Absolved
   ODD(1) L24 "If the city falls, there will be no High Priest." Solen's voice was quiet but absolute. "I am old. I have served the Lightbringer for longer than most of you h
   ODD(1) L27 On the wall, M'rak was watching the black thing approach. It was barely two leagues away now, its eight legs moving with an increasing, terrible steadiness. The
   ODD(1) L30 "How long for the ray?!" The Hydromancer at the mirror array controls, her copper skin slick with sweat, her rune-glass staff trembling in her hands, answered w
   ODD(1) L70 M'rak saw the moment. The creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss. He raised his voice above the chaos, above the screams of th
   ODD(1) L73 The rune cannons roared. All sixteen of them, their sorcerers chanting in unison, their barrels aimed at the massive, swaying target. The volley struck the crea
chapter-arc5-17.md: em=8 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=6
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 17: 11:55 — The Legend Answers
   ODD(1) L5 The creature kept advancing. Each step was steadier now, its eight legs moving in a terrible, synchronized rhythm. The purple orbs where its eyes should have be
   ODD(1) L13 The High Priest of the Bright Paws was no longer the exhausted, hollow-eyed figure who had stumbled through the temple and the war room. He wore armor of brilli
   ODD(1) L22 Tamsin looked at her, uncomprehending. "Golden what?" Another Wengari answered—a young Bright Paw guard whose arm was still bandaged from the scorpion assault. 
   ODD(1) L33 Solen raised his head. His golden eyes met M'rak's, and he nodded once. Then he launched himself into the sky, his golden cloak streaming behind him, his spiked
   ODD(1) L35 The creature reached the light wall and stopped. It raised one massive, chitinous leg and struck the barrier with all its force. The wall held. The creature str
chapter-arc5-18.md: em=18 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=8
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 18: 11:59 — Nefere Fires
   ODD(1) L12 Nefere screamed into the communication shell with a voice that cracked with desperation and fury. "FIRE!" The mirror array fired its last shot. The beam that er
   ODD(1) L33 The shockwave that burst from the royal chamber was not a blast of force or fire. It was subtler than that—a tremor of light that rippled outward from the palac
   ODD(1) L53 His body felt strange—lighter than it should, as if the armor were carrying some of his weight. The white Styx crown was still on his head, its flames steady an
   ODD(1) L57 The white Wengari was exactly as Ajani remembered him—tall, pale-furred, his body pelted with black motes, his pale blue eyes watching with an expression of pat
   ODD(1) L64 The name came out hoarse, barely a whisper. Ajani's throat was dry from weeks of silence, and his voice cracked on the second syllable. But Cefiro heard it. His
   ODD(1) L75 The smell hit him first. Blood and smoke and the faint, lingering sweetness of the Plague mist. The sounds came next—the screams, the cannons, the pounding of t
   ODD(1) L79 Ajani did not speak. He reached into the air and the grimoire was there—the Motted Paw gift, the living book, still tucked into the satchel he had carried since
chapter-arc5-19.md: em=40 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=12
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 19: 12:02 — Ajani Throws The Spear
   ODD(1) L7 Ajani didn't wait for an answer. He launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the Pyrinae already material
   ODD(1) L29 Ajani finished the first page. He tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light. He began to chant. The words we
   ODD(1) L35 A serpent of fire coiled into existence around his right arm. It was not a Wengari. It was not a creature of flesh and blood. It was fire given form and will—a 
   ODD(1) L37 The fire spread along their shafts, consuming the other elements, and the spears themselves began to twist and reshape. They merged. They grew. And from the hea
   ODD(1) L41 It was 12:02 in the morning—noon, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The White Dawn had bought five min
   ODD(1) L43 Ajani didn't wait for an answer. He launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the Pyrinae already material
   ODD(1) L65 Ajani finished the first page. He tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light. He began to chant. The words we
   ODD(3) L71 The fire spear ignited. Alone among the five, it burst into brilliant, blazing flame, its shaft consumed by the elemental fury Ajani had called. The other spear
   ODD(1) L75 The fire spear reshaped itself. From its blazing heart, a form emerged—a Wengari made of living flame, the size and shape of Ajani himself. A fire copy, a warri
   ODD(3) L91 The ice ring tightened. Ajani's fur froze white, and his breath misted in the desert heat. The water spear—the second of the five that still surrounded the crea
   ODD(1) L96 In the temple, the Veylar Shell-Singer heard something. Her luminous eyes opened wide, and her fin-ridges flared. She raised her Petal-Shell, and its light puls
chapter-arc5-20.md: em=15 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=5
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 20: 12:03 — Cefiro Arrives
   ODD(3) L11 A golden Styx materialized on his right shoulder. It was not the white male whose birth had heralded his coronation, not one of the circling females whose fires
   ODD(1) L13 From that radiance stepped a golden Ajani. It was identical to the king in form and feature, but its body was made of living light, and it carried a two-handed 
   ODD(1) L23 The chant spread through the ghosts, through the wall, through the temple. The Veylar Shell-Singer took it up, her melodic voice weaving the words into a harmon
   ODD(1) L25 The ice Ajani, its scepter raised, froze another. The creature screamed—a sound of genuine, desperate agony, its purple eyes flickering, its wounds no longer he
chapter-arc5-21.md: em=12 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=4
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 21: 12:05 — The Light Cage Fades
   ODD(3) L19 His left leg went cold. Not the cold of ice—the cold of absolute darkness, of the void between stars, of the night that existed before the Steadfast and the Fli
   ODD(1) L23 The female Ajani grew instantly to nine meters, matching the other elemental avatars, and the creature shrank by the same amount—its massive body diminishing as
   ODD(1) L25 The dark Ajani looked at the other spirits. She raised one hand, and armor black as night flowed across the fire Ajani, the ice Ajani, the light Ajani—a coating
chapter-arc5-22.md: em=18 en=0 hbar=0 oddLines=8
   ODD(1) L1 ## Chapter 22: 12:06 — The White Dawn Wakes
   ODD(1) L15 Three pairs of golden wings erupted from their backs—wings of light and metal and earth, each feather a blade, each joint a perfect articulation of the ancient 
   ODD(1) L23 Everyone who had been chanting felt the drain. The ghosts, their drums silent, began to land on the shattered rampart, their riders slumping in their saddles. T
   ODD(1) L37 The creature screamed one last time and lost its form. The massive, eight-legged body of chitinous black flesh collapsed inward, folding and crumpling and disso
   ODD(1) L39 And in the sky, black circles began to form—perfect, geometric voids that absorbed the light of the Steadfast and gave nothing back.
   ODD(1) L54 "Guardians of the world who watch upon us, seated at the gates of knowledge, wisdom, virtue, power and will. Guardians of the world who judge upon us all—earth,
   ODD(1) L68 "Lend me your power to guard my home! I call upon the destroyer, the lightning that burns with inextinguishable glow! I call upon the storm that wreathes the wo
   ODD(1) L73 Then another. Then another. Then a thousand bolts in the span of a few seconds, each one a pillar of pure, white-hot lightning that burned with inextinguishable

=== HUM VARIANTS ===
chapter-arc5-01.md: {'Humman': 22, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-02.md: {'Humman': 5, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-03.md: {'Humman': 4, 'Hummans': 3}
chapter-arc5-04.md: {'Humman': 3}
chapter-arc5-05.md: {'Humman': 1}
chapter-arc5-06.md: {'Humman': 18, 'Hummans': 4}
chapter-arc5-07.md: {'Humman': 8, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-08.md: {'Humman': 2}
chapter-arc5-09.md: {'Humman': 2, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-10.md: {'Humman': 5, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-11.md: {'Humman': 27, 'Hummans': 4}
chapter-arc5-12.md: {'Humman': 3}
chapter-arc5-13.md: {'Humman': 6, 'humans': 1}
chapter-arc5-14.md: {'Humman': 2, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-15.md: {'Humman': 2}
chapter-arc5-16.md: {'Humman': 1}
chapter-arc5-18.md: {'Humman': 3, 'Hummans': 2}
chapter-arc5-19.md: {'Humman': 3, 'Hummans': 1}
chapter-arc5-22.md: {'Humman': 1}

=== KING/KING ===
chapter-arc5-01.md: 13 hits
   L229 She did not speak immediately. She simply looked at Sylva, her cold eyes sweeping across the war room—the exhausted regent, the grim elders, the messengers frozen mid-rep
   L263 He looked at Toren, then at Vasha, then at Maren. "RiverSong is built atop the jade trees—fifteen-meter refulgent hardwoods whose aura adaptation makes them hard as rock 
   L263 He looked at Toren, then at Vasha, then at Maren. "RiverSong is built atop the jade trees—fifteen-meter refulgent hardwoods whose aura adaptation makes them hard as rock 
   L359 "I am telling you," Vasha said, "that the Humman King thinks he is attacking a wounded city with no reinforcements. He is wrong. The elders did not authorize any of this.
   L359 "I am telling you," Vasha said, "that the Humman King thinks he is attacking a wounded city with no reinforcements. He is wrong. The elders did not authorize any of this.
   L381 "Four hundred scorpions! Four hundred! In twenty-five minutes! Do you know how much I paid for those?" He was pacing the length of the tent, his silk robes billowing, his
   L388 General Tamsin, a weathered woman of sixty years whose dark skin was cross-hatched with scars from a dozen border skirmishes, stepped forward. She had opposed this war fr
   L391 "The Wengari capital has stood for three thousand years," she said, her voice flat and hard. "That is longer than our people have existed on this continent. Their army is
   L399 Tamsin stared at him. She had served three generations of Humman kings. She had fought in a dozen border skirmishes and two actual wars. She had never been told to shut i
   L399 Tamsin stared at him. She had served three generations of Humman kings. She had fought in a dozen border skirmishes and two actual wars. She had never been told to shut i
   L405 Mekhmed's face flushed. His jeweled fingers clenched around the edge of the campaign table. "You will address me as Your Wealthiness. You will do as I command. You will l
   L410 Outside, the third wave was forming—four hundred scorpion riders, the last of the vanguard, the last hope of a king who had never fought a battle. The Amuks were still ad
   L410 Outside, the third wave was forming—four hundred scorpion riders, the last of the vanguard, the last hope of a king who had never fought a battle. The Amuks were still ad
chapter-arc5-02.md: 4 hits
   L57 The eastern garrison was three hundred leagues from the capital, a sprawling fortress of sandstone and rune-glass that guarded the border against the Fire Beetles. It was
   L68 "Toren sent word." M'rak's voice was calm, almost cheerful. "He's a bastard, but you can trust he'll want to live. If he says the capital needs us, then we march. Our kin
   L76 M'rak turned in his saddle. The smile did not leave his face, but his eyes were very serious. "Because before he's a king, he's a Wengari. Wengari don't run from fights."
   L116 "The elders love to sit on their high chairs and tell us to listen. Well, I'm fed up of listening. You didn't see the king in the arena—he was glorious! And I'm going to 
chapter-arc5-03.md: 7 hits
   L14 Vasha stepped forward. Her humorless face was even more humorless than usual, and there was something in her cold eyes that Sylva had never seen before. Not satisfaction—
   L38 "She was learning," Vasha said. "She was learning everything. And then she used it. Your maid almost destroyed the capital. The king's intelligence network saved it. Reme
   L134 Mekhmed stared at her. The golden light of the dome reflected in his dark eyes, and for a moment, something flickered across his face—uncertainty, perhaps, or the first f
   L137 The generals shot him a look. It was not a look of respect. It was not a look of obedience. It was a look of pure, unadulterated hatred—the hatred of soldiers who had bee
   L139 Outside, the golden dome still shimmered over the capital. The scorpion riders were retreating across the sand, dragging their wounded behind them, their iridescent shell
   L141 The generals were oath-bound. They would obey. They would retrieve the wounded. They would salvage the gear. They would prepare for the next assault. But they would not f
   L160 Vex did not look at her either. "Our duty is to the king. And his sister. We do not move."
chapter-arc5-06.md: 6 hits
   L53 The generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces no longer carefully neutral. The masks had slipped. What remained was exhaustion and disgust and the cold, bitte
   L69 The command tent was silent. The war drums still pounded outside, but inside, the only sound was the ragged breathing of a king who had run out of cleverness and was reac
   L148 The generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces pale. Tamsin was gone—relieved of command, escorted from the tent by guards who had looked at the floor rather t
   L155 The generals stared at him. The scarred man opened his mouth, then closed it. No one spoke. The war drums pounded on outside, low and patient, but the tent was very still
   L170 The generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces pale. Tamsin was gone—relieved of command, escorted from the tent by guards who had looked at the floor rather t
   L177 The generals stared at him. The scarred man opened his mouth, then closed it. No one spoke. The war drums pounded on outside, low and patient, but the tent was very still
chapter-arc5-07.md: 8 hits
   L16 The drums faltered. A voice—Yvaria's voice, the young Motted Paw general who had ridden through the night declaring she would be the king's bride—screamed across the sky.
   L33 Yvaria dismounted before her ghost had fully touched the ground. Her young face, so bright with fierce determination when she had ridden through the darkness declaring sh
   L46 "You brought that filth into our home. You brought the Plague. The Fifth Tyrant's filth. Into our city. Near our families. Near our king." His grip tightened. Tamsin's sc
   L46 "You brought that filth into our home. You brought the Plague. The Fifth Tyrant's filth. Into our city. Near our families. Near our king." His grip tightened. Tamsin's sc
   L71 The deaths of the Wengari feel weighty because we have spent time with them. M'rak is not a faceless general; we saw his confidence on the approach, his command to ride f
   L71 The deaths of the Wengari feel weighty because we have spent time with them. M'rak is not a faceless general; we saw his confidence on the approach, his command to ride f
   L80 "Why didn't you call for the army? Why weren't we informed about the king's condition? Why are the walls not manned? I've just lost twenty good Wohs and even better soldi
   L86 Yvaria stepped forward. Her young face was no longer bright with fierce determination. Her silver-furred hands were still trembling from watching her ghosts fall from the
chapter-arc5-09.md: 1 hits
   L4 He did not need to say who "he" was. The other soldiers within earshot nodded grimly. The truce would last an hour. Perhaps more. The Wengari would use that hour to regro
chapter-arc5-10.md: 7 hits
   L63 The Humman command tent was silent. No screams from the battlefield, no war drums, no pounding of Amuk artillery. Just the quiet, ragged breathing of a king who had been 
   L76 Lena was trembling. Her dark eyes darted around the tent, searching the faces of the generals for some flicker of mercy, some hint of understanding. She found none. Every
   L83 For a moment, no one moved. The generals stood frozen, their faces pale. The guards hesitated, their hands on their blades. Lena stared at the king, her dark eyes wide wi
   L91 And the woman who had started it all, the frightened scribe who had only wanted to save her people from monsters, had just been executed by the king she had tried to serv
   L95 Lira saw him move and drew her own claws. The green glow of her poison matched his, and her dark eyes swept the corridor with the cold, practiced assessment of a master o
   L95 Lira saw him move and drew her own claws. The green glow of her poison matched his, and her dark eyes swept the corridor with the cold, practiced assessment of a master o
   L105 The corridor was silent. The door to the royal chamber was unguarded. And something ancient and patient stepped out of the darkness and approached the king.
chapter-arc5-11.md: 7 hits
   L90 Something changed in the crowd. The fury that had crackled through the temple moments before began to ebb, replaced by something quieter, something more fragile. One by o
   L173 The thought was cold and unwelcome. He pushed it aside. He did not have the luxury of doubt. He was the commander now—the regent had given him the authority, and the rege
   L183 He turned to Tamsin. The Humman general stood at the edge of the rampart, her scarred face unreadable, her dark eyes still hollow from watching her king execute one of he
   L194 M'rak nodded. He gestured toward the column of civilians. "Here is your army. Man the wall. Defend it with your lives. You answer to me. You answer to her. You fight for 
   L207 He turned to Tamsin. The Humman general stood at the edge of the rampart, her scarred face unreadable, her dark eyes still hollow from watching her king execute one of he
   L297 He never finished the sentence. The shadowy figure's hand moved, a blur of darkness, and Mekhmed's throat opened in a bright red line. The king of the Hummans, owner of t
   L311 The sand beneath the net turned black, then purple, then a deep, bruised shade of violet that seemed to pulse with its own heartbeat. The tendrils kept growing, kept weav
chapter-arc5-12.md: 1 hits
   L3 It was 10:35 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was blanketed in Plague-light. The Humma
chapter-arc5-13.md: 2 hits
   L21 The Humman soldiers who remained—the survivors of the scorpion vanguard, the Tide Wolf cavalry, the Amuk crews, the servants and the scribes and the merchants who had fol
   L29 It was 11:20 in the morning. The shadow riders were at the gate. The wall was broken. The king was still unconscious. And something that had been waiting for this moment 
chapter-arc5-18.md: 3 hits
   L100 The awed whispers began before he finished speaking. "His Highness..." "The king..." "He's awake..." "The White Dawn..." The words rippled through the defenders like wind
   L108 M'rak was already moving. He had not knelt—he was too much of a soldier to kneel when the enemy was a league away—and he reached Ajani's side in three strides. "Plague we
   L108 M'rak was already moving. He had not knelt—he was too much of a soldier to kneel when the enemy was a league away—and he reached Ajani's side in three strides. "Plague we
chapter-arc5-19.md: 4 hits
   L14 The acid barbs shot upward in a volley of green death—the same barbs that had dissolved the Wohs, the same poison that had melted Wengari flesh from bone. Ajani was still
   L37 The fire spread along their shafts, consuming the other elements, and the spears themselves began to twist and reshape. They merged. They grew. And from the heart of the 
   L50 The acid barbs shot upward in a volley of green death—the same barbs that had dissolved the Wohs, the same poison that had melted Wengari flesh from bone. Ajani was still
   L96 In the temple, the Veylar Shell-Singer heard something. Her luminous eyes opened wide, and her fin-ridges flared. She raised her Petal-Shell, and its light pulsed in time
chapter-arc5-20.md: 1 hits
   L13 From that radiance stepped a golden Ajani. It was identical to the king in form and feature, but its body was made of living light, and it carried a two-handed sword of p
chapter-arc5-21.md: 1 hits
   L32 Nefere stood beside him, leaning on her cracked staff, her ancient face grim. "No one has. It is not usually possible. Did you ever wonder why a sorcerer must chain the e
chapter-arc5-22.md: 4 hits
   L57 The elemental avatars looked up. The fire Ajani, still gripping its twin sabers. The ice Ajani, still holding its scepter. The light Ajani, still carrying its two-handed 
   L78 Yvaria was already moving. Her ghost dove through the chaos, its great wings folded tight against its body, and she caught Ajani in midair. Her arms wrapped around the Wh
   L83 On the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of King Ajani Brightmane, the battle that would be known as the Plague War was finally won. The 
   L83 On the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of King Ajani Brightmane, the battle that would be known as the Plague War was finally won. The 

=== SPECIAL PHRASES ===
chapter-arc5-01.md [brightmane_one_word]: 3 hits
   L72 It was the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane, first of his name. The White Dawn lay unconscious in his chambers, the 
   L144 It was the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane, first of his name. The White Dawn lay unconscious in his chambers, the 
   L234 It was 5:25 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane, first of his name. The White Dawn lay unconscious 
chapter-arc5-02.md [bright_mane_two_words]: 1 hits
   L29 The scorpions reached the wall. They began to climb, their claws punching through the ancient stone, their riders clinging to their backs. The Bright Paw guards on the pa
chapter-arc5-02.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L55 The elite unit formed up behind her. Twenty warriors against three hundred and fifty. The wall was burning. The gate was cracking. And it was 6:55 in the morning, the sev
chapter-arc5-05.md [bright_mane_two_words]: 1 hits
   L19 Irek was still on the wall. The young Bright Mane soldier who had watched the first wave die with hope in his heart was bleeding from a gash across his shoulder, his spea
chapter-arc5-06.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L3 It was 8:20 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The light shield was gone. The wall was breaking. 
chapter-arc5-07.md [brightmane_one_word]: 2 hits
   L3 It was 8:40 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The Plague was coming. And the gate was about to f
   L49 In the inner chamber beneath the palace, the roots of the Kyre Tree were writhing. The lord of the desert, the Golden Sun, the ancient predator that had made a pact with 
chapter-arc5-11.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L3 It was 9:45 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The reinforcements were decim
chapter-arc5-12.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L3 It was 10:35 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was blanketed in Plague-light. The Humma
chapter-arc5-14.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L35 It was 11:35 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The Wohs were dead. The crea
chapter-arc5-15.md [brightmane_one_word]: 2 hits
   L33 It was 11:40 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The defenders were spent. An
   L61 It was 11:40 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The defenders were spent. An
chapter-arc5-15.md [draft_yells]: 2 hits
   L1 ## Chapter 15: 11:40 — M'rak Yells Clear
   L4 The black thing approaches slowly as if it couldn't quite control it's body, M'rak yells "ALL CANNONS FIRE!!!! FIRE THE RAY!!!! NOW!!! " all the rune cannons the 16 of th
chapter-arc5-15.md [fire_the_ray]: 2 hits
   L4 The black thing approaches slowly as if it couldn't quite control it's body, M'rak yells "ALL CANNONS FIRE!!!! FIRE THE RAY!!!! NOW!!! " all the rune cannons the 16 of th
   L12 "ALL CANNONS FIRE! FIRE THE RAY! NOW!"
chapter-arc5-15.md [it_s_body]: 1 hits
   L4 The black thing approaches slowly as if it couldn't quite control it's body, M'rak yells "ALL CANNONS FIRE!!!! FIRE THE RAY!!!! NOW!!! " all the rune cannons the 16 of th
chapter-arc5-16.md [brightmane_one_word]: 2 hits
   L65 It was 11:50 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The defenders were spent. Th
   L107 It was 11:50 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The wall was broken. The defenders were spent. An
chapter-arc5-17.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L37 It was 11:55 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The Golden Cloaks had returned. The light wall st
chapter-arc5-18.md [brightmane_one_word]: 2 hits
   L29 It was 11:59 in the morning, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. Noon was one minute away. The creature was rising
   L71 It was noon, seventh day of the Month of Storms, first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane.
chapter-arc5-18.md [draft_trough]: 1 hits
   L4 The light walk begins to crack, then it breaks Nefere yells "FIRE" an impossibly hot beam of light cleaves trough the sand it hits the creature dead center, it screams an
chapter-arc5-18.md [draft_yells]: 1 hits
   L4 The light walk begins to crack, then it breaks Nefere yells "FIRE" an impossibly hot beam of light cleaves trough the sand it hits the creature dead center, it screams an
chapter-arc5-19.md [brightmane_one_word]: 2 hits
   L41 It was 12:02 in the morning—noon, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The White Dawn had bought five minutes. The 
   L79 It was 12:02 in the afternoon, the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of Ajani Brightmane. The White Dawn had bought five minutes. The bat
chapter-arc5-19.md [draft_yells]: 1 hits
   L4 Ajani says "crap" and flies up in the sky the white spear in his hand then he throws it with all his might the spear divides and surrounds the creature it stops looking a
chapter-arc5-22.md [brightmane_one_word]: 1 hits
   L83 On the seventh day of the Month of Storms, in the first year of the reign of King Ajani Brightmane, the battle that would be known as the Plague War was finally won. The 
chapter-arc5-22.md [draft_tores]: 1 hits
   L4 Ajani tores a fifth page, deep gold runes adorn it and he chants visibily strained "Golden Spirit from the deep, the one who guards the gate, keeper of riches untold, thi
chapter-arc5-22.md [draft_visibily]: 1 hits
   L4 Ajani tores a fifth page, deep gold runes adorn it and he chants visibily strained "Golden Spirit from the deep, the one who guards the gate, keeper of riches untold, thi

=== DUPLICATE PARAGRAPHS (>=2 occurrences, len>=30) ===
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p3 L7; chapter-arc5-15.md p15 L35; chapter-arc5-16.md p25 L67 :: the black thing approached slowly, its eight legs dragging through the sand as if it could not quite control its own limbs. each step was ponderous and uneven, the creature's massi
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p6 L15; chapter-arc5-15.md p18 L43; chapter-arc5-16.md p27 L73 :: the rune cannons roared. all sixteen of them, their sorcerers chanting in unison, their barrels aimed at the massive, swaying target. the volley struck the creature full in the bod
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p7 L17; chapter-arc5-15.md p19 L45; chapter-arc5-16.md p28 L75 :: it crashed into the desert floor with the force of a collapsing mountain, its eight legs splayed, its purple eyes flickering, its body twitching and spasming in the sand.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p8 L19; chapter-arc5-15.md p20 L47; chapter-arc5-16.md p29 L77 :: for a single, breathless moment, the wall was silent. reva lowered her claws. yvaria's ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums still. the humman refugees in the courtyard stared at 
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p11 L25; chapter-arc5-15.md p23 L53; chapter-arc5-16.md p31 L81 :: it had learned. it had adapted. it tilted its massive head toward the wall, and the purple orbs where its eyes should have been blazed with renewed intensity.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p12 L27; chapter-arc5-15.md p24 L55; chapter-arc5-16.md p32 L83 :: m'rak stared. his voice was barely a whisper. "it reformed. we hit it with everything we had, and it reformed."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md p34 L78; chapter-arc5-01.md p58 L152 :: "status on the north gate!" she barked, her melodic voice stripped of its usual patience. "report!"
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md p86 L242; chapter-arc5-01.md p101 L294 :: the war drums had not yet begun. the first rays of dawn had not yet touched the sand. but the council had known for three weeks that the humman army was coming, and they had not be
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md p97 L280; chapter-arc5-01.md p120 L364 :: vasha rose from her chair. "the battle is starting. we should go to the war room. the regent will want to know what is coming."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md p98 L284; chapter-arc5-01.md p121 L368 :: "the regent will want to know why we did not tell her sooner," toren said.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p17 L51; chapter-arc5-03.md p30 L87 :: nefere stood on the eastern post of the northern wall, her ancient frame silhouetted against the burning sky. the fireballs from the amuk artillery had stopped falling—the hummans 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p18 L53; chapter-arc5-03.md p31 L89 :: the third wave was about to crash against the gate.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p20 L59; chapter-arc5-03.md p33 L95 :: a crackle of static. then a voice—a young pyrinae sorcerer, her words clipped and urgent. "south front in position." another voice, older, rougher. "north front in position." a thi
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p21 L63; chapter-arc5-03.md p34 L99 :: nefere closed her eyes. the four cardinal points of the capital, each anchored by a pyrinae sorcerer with a mirror like hers, each one waiting for the signal that would either save
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p22 L67; chapter-arc5-03.md p35 L103 :: the rune formation began to appear over the city. it started as a faint shimmer in the air above the palace, a ring of pale golden light that pulsed once, twice, and then steadied 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p23 L69; chapter-arc5-03.md p36 L105 :: solen recognized it. the old high priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, his ancient heart st
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p24 L71; chapter-arc5-03.md p37 L107 :: it was ancient sorcery, older than the pyrinae, older than the wengari, a gift from the lord of the desert in the days when the pact was new and the golden sun still walked among t
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p25 L73; chapter-arc5-03.md p38 L109 :: the golden dome bathed the city. it descended from the rotating rings like a curtain of light, a hemisphere of hard, shimmering gold that enclosed the capital from the northern gat
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p26 L75; chapter-arc5-03.md p39 L111 :: the wengari inside the city cheered—a ragged, desperate roar of relief that echoed through the streets and courtyards and up to the burning walls.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p27 L77; chapter-arc5-03.md p40 L113 :: nefere did not cheer. she stood on the eastern post, her rune-glass mirror still pressed to her ear, her clouded eyes fixed on the rotating rings above her. the light shield was be
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md p29 L85; chapter-arc5-03.md p42 L121 :: nefere lowered the mirror. the golden dome shimmered above her, beautiful and doomed, and the scorpions were still massing at the gate. one hour. perhaps an hour and a half. the re
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md p52 L135; chapter-arc5-06.md p62 L161 :: on the northern wall, m'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe. five wohs remained healthy. five. out of twenty. the others were dead—consumed by the
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md p56 L143; chapter-arc5-06.md p64 L165 :: in the humman command tent, mekhmed was smiling. it was not a pleasant smile. "serves them right. stupid brutes. did you see the way they just stood there? they thought they had wo
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md p57 L147; chapter-arc5-06.md p65 L169 :: the generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces pale. tamsin was gone—relieved of command, escorted from the tent by guards who had looked at the floor rather than meet h
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md p58 L151; chapter-arc5-06.md p66 L173 :: "something velarius left for a time like this." mekhmed's smile widened. "the fifth tyrant was a monster, but he was our monster. and he left us many things. some of them are still
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md p59 L155; chapter-arc5-06.md p67 L177 :: the generals stared at him. the scarred man opened his mouth, then closed it. no one spoke. the war drums pounded on outside, low and patient, but the tent was very still. velarius
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md p67 L181; chapter-arc5-11.md p75 L205 :: m'rak looked at them. a hundred civilians with table legs and scythes, standing in the shadow of the broken gate, asking to fight. they would die. he knew they would die. but they 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p9 L21; chapter-arc5-15.md p21 L49 :: then the creature began to reform.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p10 L23; chapter-arc5-15.md p22 L51 :: the ichor that had spilled from its wounds began to flow backward, drawn by some invisible force. the shattered chitin knit itself together. the severed leg crawled across the sand
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md p14 L33; chapter-arc5-15.md p26 L61 :: it was 11:40 in the morning, the seventh day of the month of storms, in the first year of the reign of ajani brightmane. the wall was broken. the defenders were spent. and the crea
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md p15 L43; chapter-arc5-16.md p36 L97 :: but every wound healed within seconds. the chitin knit itself together as fast as the wolves could tear it. the shadow fire guttered and died against the creature's flesh, and the 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md p16 L45; chapter-arc5-16.md p37 L99 :: the ghosts loosed their arrows. yvaria's drummers beat out a frantic rhythm, and the remaining ghosts fired volley after volley into the creature's eyes, its mouth, its joints. the
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md p17 L47; chapter-arc5-16.md p38 L101 :: zephyr pulled his wolves back, his scarred face twisted with frustration. "nothing! the wounds don't stay! it's not even slowing!"
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p3 L7; chapter-arc5-19.md p17 L43 :: ajani didn't wait for an answer. he launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the pyrinae already materializing in his grip. t
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p4 L9; chapter-arc5-19.md p18 L45 :: he threw the spear with everything he had. it split in midair—one became two, two became four, four became five—the five spears of the pyrinae gift, each one blazing with a differe
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p5 L11; chapter-arc5-19.md p19 L47 :: then it opened its maw and fired.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p6 L13; chapter-arc5-19.md p20 L49 :: the acid barbs shot upward in a volley of green death—the same barbs that had dissolved the wohs, the same poison that had melted wengari flesh from bone. ajani was still aloft, st
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p7 L17; chapter-arc5-19.md p21 L53 :: ajani did not look up from the grimoire. his claws were moving faster than they had ever moved, tracing runic circles and elemental sigils with the precision l'vat had beaten into 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p8 L21; chapter-arc5-19.md p22 L57 :: on the ground, zephyr heard him. the young shadow paw commander raised his lacquered claws and shouted to his riders. "you heard him! charge! the white dawn needs five minutes! we 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p9 L25; chapter-arc5-19.md p23 L61 :: solen raised his spiked mace, and the twenty golden cloaks rose with him. their light pillars blazed with the last reserves of their ancient power—the final stand they had been sav
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p10 L27; chapter-arc5-19.md p24 L63 :: the creature screamed and hammered against the barrier. the light wall cracked. the golden cloaks held.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p11 L29; chapter-arc5-19.md p25 L65 :: ajani finished the first page. he tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light. he began to chant. the words were old—older than th
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md p12 L31; chapter-arc5-19.md p26 L67 :: "spirit of fire from the east, giver of life and taker of life, this humble sorcerer beseeches you—take from me and answer my plea. be made manifest and answer my plea. i call to t

=== DUPLICATE SENTENCES (>=2 occurrences, len>=35) ===
x7 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L34; chapter-arc5-19.md L70; chapter-arc5-19.md L90; chapter-arc5-19.md L108; chapter-arc5-20.md L10; chapter-arc5-21.md L18; chapter-arc5-22.md L12 :: be made manifest and answer my plea.
x6 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L142; chapter-arc5-06.md L134; chapter-arc5-07.md L58; chapter-arc5-09.md L6; chapter-arc5-11.md L4; chapter-arc5-11.md L200 :: and the great war was not yet over.
x4 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L32; chapter-arc5-15.md L60; chapter-arc5-16.md L52; chapter-arc5-16.md L90 :: the rune cannons were still recharging.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L77; chapter-arc5-01.md L151; chapter-arc5-03.md L12 :: she had not rested since the water hole.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L142; chapter-arc5-04.md L46; chapter-arc5-09.md L6 :: the war drums pounded on, low and patient and utterly without loyalty.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L8; chapter-arc5-15.md L36; chapter-arc5-16.md L68 :: the black thing approached slowly, its eight legs dragging through the sand as if it could not quite control its own limbs.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L8; chapter-arc5-15.md L36; chapter-arc5-16.md L68 :: each step was ponderous and uneven, the creature's massive body swaying from side to side.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L8; chapter-arc5-15.md L36; chapter-arc5-16.md L68 :: it was learning to move, adapting to its new form, and the defenders on the wall watched it come with the frozen horror of people who had run out of options.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L10; chapter-arc5-15.md L38; chapter-arc5-16.md L72 :: the creature was close now—close enough that the rune cannons could not miss.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L10; chapter-arc5-15.md L38; chapter-arc5-16.md L72 :: he raised his voice above the chaos, above the screams of the dissolving wohs, above the pounding of his own heart.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L16; chapter-arc5-15.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L74 :: all sixteen of them, their sorcerers chanting in unison, their barrels aimed at the massive, swaying target.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L16; chapter-arc5-15.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L74 :: the volley struck the creature full in the body—some shots tearing through its chitinous legs, some punching craters in its segmented torso.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L16; chapter-arc5-15.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L74 :: another leg snapped entirely, black ichor spraying across the sand.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L16; chapter-arc5-15.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L74 :: the creature let out a sound that was not a scream but a deep, resonant bellow of pain and fury, and then it fell.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L18; chapter-arc5-15.md L46; chapter-arc5-16.md L76 :: it crashed into the desert floor with the force of a collapsing mountain, its eight legs splayed, its purple eyes flickering, its body twitching and spasming in the sand.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L20; chapter-arc5-15.md L48; chapter-arc5-16.md L78 :: for a single, breathless moment, the wall was silent.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L20; chapter-arc5-15.md L48; chapter-arc5-16.md L78 :: yvaria's ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums still.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L20; chapter-arc5-15.md L48; chapter-arc5-16.md L78 :: the humman refugees in the courtyard stared at the fallen creature with expressions of stunned, disbelieving hope.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L24; chapter-arc5-15.md L52; chapter-arc5-16.md L80 :: the shattered chitin knit itself together.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L24; chapter-arc5-15.md L52; chapter-arc5-16.md L80 :: the severed leg crawled across the sand like a living thing and reattached itself to the body with a wet, sucking sound.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L24; chapter-arc5-15.md L52; chapter-arc5-16.md L80 :: the craters punched by the cannon fire filled with fresh black flesh, pulsing and bubbling as it sealed.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L24; chapter-arc5-15.md L52; chapter-arc5-16.md L80 :: the creature rose again, its eight legs steady beneath it now, its movements smoother, more controlled.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L26; chapter-arc5-15.md L54; chapter-arc5-16.md L82 :: it tilted its massive head toward the wall, and the purple orbs where its eyes should have been blazed with renewed intensity.
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L30; chapter-arc5-15.md L58; chapter-arc5-16.md L86 :: we hit it with everything we had, and it reformed."
x3 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L32; chapter-arc5-15.md L60; chapter-arc5-16.md L106 :: the black thing took another step toward the wall.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L73; chapter-arc5-01.md L145 :: it was the seventh day of the month of storms, in the first year of the reign of ajani brightmane, first of his name.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L73; chapter-arc5-01.md L145 :: and the great war had only just begun.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L75; chapter-arc5-01.md L149 :: sylva stood at the head of the granite table, her silver-chased ceremonial armor still gleaming from the dawn light that streamed through the high windows, but everything else abou
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L75; chapter-arc5-01.md L149 :: her ancient eyes were hollow from three weeks without proper sleep.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L75; chapter-arc5-01.md L149 :: her silver aura flickered erratically, no longer the calm, patient pulse of flowing water but something jagged, something struggling to maintain its rhythm.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L77; chapter-arc5-01.md L151 :: she had not eaten since the previous evening.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L81; chapter-arc5-01.md L155 :: "status on the north gate!" she barked, her melodic voice stripped of its usual patience.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L85; chapter-arc5-01.md L159 :: a young motted paw scout burst through the door, his silver fur matted with sweat.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L117; chapter-arc5-01.md L173 :: sylva felt the vibration in her chest, in her bones, in the ancient roots of the palace that had stood for three thousand years.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L123; chapter-arc5-01.md L227 :: the door to the war room slammed open.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L123; chapter-arc5-01.md L227 :: vasha stood in the doorway, her humorless face even more humorless than usual, her striped mane bristling with the particular fury of someone who had been running through the palac
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L125; chapter-arc5-01.md L227 :: but vasha had never been good at staying where she was supposed to be.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L145; chapter-arc5-01.md L235 :: the regent stood in the war room, her silver aura flickering like a guttering candle.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L235; chapter-arc5-02.md L56 :: the white dawn lay unconscious in his chambers, the golden armor still pulsing faintly over his chest.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L237; chapter-arc5-01.md L293 :: the hall of the untrustworthy was a small, windowless chamber beneath the great hall, its walls lined with rune-glass filaments that pulsed with soft amber light.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L237; chapter-arc5-01.md L293 :: the five members sat in their accustomed places, their faces lit from below by the amber glow, their shadows stretching long and distorted across the stone walls.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L243; chapter-arc5-01.md L295 :: the first rays of dawn had not yet touched the sand.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L243; chapter-arc5-01.md L295 :: but the council had known for three weeks that the humman army was coming, and they had not been idle.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L247; chapter-arc5-01.md L301 :: i asked for twenty-five woh riders.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L251; chapter-arc5-01.md L305 :: "i sent word to the eastern garrison.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L251; chapter-arc5-01.md L305 :: they will arrive at the same time."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L255; chapter-arc5-01.md L321 :: the belt variation—the stripe paw woh—use gravity manipulation.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L255; chapter-arc5-01.md L337 :: they will also break the gate, if they are not careful.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L255; chapter-arc5-01.md L337 :: they will certainly break the elders, who did not authorize any of this."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L273; chapter-arc5-01.md L353 :: the first tyrant's parasitic fire marked those wolves forever.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L273; chapter-arc5-01.md L353 :: they can engulf themselves in it at will.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L273; chapter-arc5-01.md L353 :: the shadow paws train from cubhood to withstand the fire without dying.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L277; chapter-arc5-01.md L361 :: the elders did not authorize any of this.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L277; chapter-arc5-01.md L361 :: the generals did not plan for any of this.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L279; chapter-arc5-01.md L363 :: the war drums began to pound outside.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L279; chapter-arc5-01.md L363 :: the first rays of sunlight touched the sand before the northern gate.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L283; chapter-arc5-01.md L367 :: the regent will want to know what is coming."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L287; chapter-arc5-01.md L371 :: "the regent will want to know why we did not tell her sooner," toren said.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L291; chapter-arc5-01.md L375 :: "the regent will understand," vasha replied.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-01.md L291; chapter-arc5-01.md L375 :: "the regent understands many things.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-02.md L56; chapter-arc5-06.md L4 :: and the great war was about to be lost.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-02.md L130; chapter-arc5-12.md L10 :: and when maren's message reached xhilva, he had been the first to volunteer.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L18; chapter-arc5-07.md L90 :: the times of day when the watch changed and the wall was most vulnerable.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L52; chapter-arc5-03.md L88 :: nefere stood on the eastern post of the northern wall, her ancient frame silhouetted against the burning sky.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L52; chapter-arc5-03.md L88 :: the fireballs from the amuk artillery had stopped falling—the hummans were repositioning, preparing for the final assault that would breach the gate—but the wall was still smoking,
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L52; chapter-arc5-03.md L88 :: below her, the scorpions were massing again.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L52; chapter-arc5-03.md L88 :: three hundred and fifty of them, their iridescent shells catching the climbing sun, their claws clicking against the stone in a restless, hungry rhythm.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L54; chapter-arc5-03.md L90 :: the third wave was about to crash against the gate.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L58; chapter-arc5-03.md L94 :: it was a small thing, no larger than her palm, its surface shimmering with a pale, silver light.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L58; chapter-arc5-03.md L94 :: she had hoped she would never need to use it.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L58; chapter-arc5-03.md L94 :: she spoke into the mirror, her ancient voice calm and steady despite the chaos around her.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L62; chapter-arc5-03.md L98 :: then a voice—a young pyrinae sorcerer, her words clipped and urgent.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L62; chapter-arc5-03.md L98 :: "south front in position." another voice, older, rougher.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L62; chapter-arc5-03.md L98 :: "north front in position." a third, barely more than a whisper.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L66; chapter-arc5-03.md L102 :: the four cardinal points of the capital, each anchored by a pyrinae sorcerer with a mirror like hers, each one waiting for the signal that would either save the city or doom it.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L66; chapter-arc5-03.md L102 :: she planted her rune-glass staff on the stone and spoke a single word.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L68; chapter-arc5-03.md L104 :: the rune formation began to appear over the city.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L68; chapter-arc5-03.md L104 :: it started as a faint shimmer in the air above the palace, a ring of pale golden light that pulsed once, twice, and then steadied into a slow, rotating circle.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L68; chapter-arc5-03.md L104 :: a second ring appeared below it, smaller, spinning in the opposite direction.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L68; chapter-arc5-03.md L104 :: the rings began to rotate faster, their light intensifying, and the wengari below—the soldiers on the walls, the wounded in the courtyards, the terrified civilians huddled in the b
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L70; chapter-arc5-03.md L106 :: the old high priest had been kneeling in the temple sanctuary, his golden mane still dusty from the frantic ride back from the water hole, his ancient heart still heavy with the gu
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L70; chapter-arc5-03.md L106 :: he had looked up when the first ring appeared, and he had known immediately what it was.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L70; chapter-arc5-03.md L106 :: he had seen it on the temple walls, carved into the ancient reliefs that depicted the lightbringer's greatest works—the forging of the pact, the building of the hanging gardens, th
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L72; chapter-arc5-03.md L108 :: it was ancient sorcery, older than the pyrinae, older than the wengari, a gift from the lord of the desert in the days when the pact was new and the golden sun still walked among t
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L72; chapter-arc5-03.md L108 :: he whispered the name under his breath, and the wengari around him took up the whisper, and the whisper became a murmur that spread through the temple like ripples in still water.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L74; chapter-arc5-03.md L110 :: it descended from the rotating rings like a curtain of light, a hemisphere of hard, shimmering gold that enclosed the capital from the northern gate to the southern wall, from the 
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L74; chapter-arc5-03.md L110 :: the scorpions on the wall screeched and fell back, their claws smoking where the light touched them.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L74; chapter-arc5-03.md L110 :: the amuk artillery fired again, and the fireballs crashed against the dome and scattered into nothing.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L76; chapter-arc5-03.md L112 :: the wengari inside the city cheered—a ragged, desperate roar of relief that echoed through the streets and courtyards and up to the burning walls.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L80; chapter-arc5-03.md L116 :: she stood on the eastern post, her rune-glass mirror still pressed to her ear, her clouded eyes fixed on the rotating rings above her.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L84; chapter-arc5-03.md L120 :: then the voice of the southern sorcerer, quieter now, almost apologetic.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L84; chapter-arc5-03.md L120 :: perhaps an hour and a half, if the wind holds and the sun stays high.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L84; chapter-arc5-03.md L120 :: after that, the light shield will fall, and it will never rise again."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L86; chapter-arc5-03.md L122 :: the golden dome shimmered above her, beautiful and doomed, and the scorpions were still massing at the gate.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L86; chapter-arc5-03.md L122 :: the reinforcements were coming, but they were still out in the desert, still riding, still flying, still surging toward the capital with all the speed they could muster.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-03.md L86; chapter-arc5-03.md L122 :: she planted her staff on the stone and began to chant.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L136; chapter-arc5-06.md L162 :: on the northern wall, m'rak stood amid the aftermath of the fire pillars and tried to breathe.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L136; chapter-arc5-06.md L162 :: the others were dead—consumed by the columns of flame that had erupted from the sand, their natural plate armor no defense against whatever sorcery the hummans had unleashed.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L136; chapter-arc5-06.md L162 :: the wengari riders who had been caught in the blasts were dead alongside them.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L136; chapter-arc5-06.md L162 :: the sand where the pillars had risen was still smoking, still glowing faintly with the residual heat, patches of it fused into rough, blackened glass.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L138; chapter-arc5-06.md L164 :: m'rak stared at those patches, and something stirred in the back of his mind.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L146; chapter-arc5-06.md L168 :: in the humman command tent, mekhmed was smiling.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L146; chapter-arc5-06.md L168 :: did you see the way they just stood there?
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L146; chapter-arc5-06.md L168 :: they thought we were finished." he shook his head slowly, his jeweled fingers tapping against the campaign table.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L146; chapter-arc5-06.md L168 :: they don't know what we've been keeping."
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L150; chapter-arc5-06.md L172 :: the generals stood in their loose semicircle, their faces pale.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L150; chapter-arc5-06.md L172 :: tamsin was gone—relieved of command, escorted from the tent by guards who had looked at the floor rather than meet her eyes.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L150; chapter-arc5-06.md L172 :: the remaining generals were younger, less experienced, more afraid of their king than they were of the enemy.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L150; chapter-arc5-06.md L172 :: one of them—a nervous man with a scar across his cheek—spoke up.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L150; chapter-arc5-06.md L172 :: we were not briefed on any weapon of that magnitude.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L154; chapter-arc5-06.md L176 :: "something velarius left for a time like this." mekhmed's smile widened.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L154; chapter-arc5-06.md L176 :: "the fifth tyrant was a monster, but he was our monster.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L156; chapter-arc5-06.md L178 :: the scarred man opened his mouth, then closed it.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L156; chapter-arc5-06.md L178 :: the war drums pounded on outside, low and patient, but the tent was very still.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L156; chapter-arc5-06.md L178 :: velarius vane had been dead for five hundred years.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-06.md L156; chapter-arc5-06.md L178 :: the scar still pulsed with light on certain nights.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-07.md L22; chapter-arc5-09.md L18 :: in the humman command tent, mekhmed was laughing.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-07.md L26; chapter-arc5-09.md L26 :: his face was utterly, terrifyingly serious.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-07.md L52; chapter-arc5-09.md L36 :: it had felt the fifth tyrant's plague five hundred years ago.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-10.md L42; chapter-arc5-10.md L112 :: the eastern section of the wall was gone.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md L182; chapter-arc5-11.md L206 :: a hundred civilians with table legs and scythes, standing in the shadow of the broken gate, asking to fight.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md L184; chapter-arc5-11.md L208 :: the humman general stood at the edge of the rampart, her scarred face unreadable, her dark eyes still hollow from watching her king execute one of her own colleagues.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md L192; chapter-arc5-11.md L216 :: i commanded the eastern border garrison for twelve years.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md L196; chapter-arc5-11.md L220 :: he gestured toward the column of civilians.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-11.md L198; chapter-arc5-11.md L224 :: and m'rak turned back to the purple orb, which was still growing, still pulsing, still waiting.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L24; chapter-arc5-15.md L52 :: the ichor that had spilled from its wounds began to flow backward, drawn by some invisible force.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L32; chapter-arc5-15.md L60 :: the civilians with their table legs and scythes stood frozen, their makeshift weapons limp in their hands.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L32; chapter-arc5-15.md L60 :: it was still learning to move, still slow, but it was coming, and there was nothing left to stop it.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L34; chapter-arc5-15.md L62 :: it was 11:40 in the morning, the seventh day of the month of storms, in the first year of the reign of ajani brightmane.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-15.md L34; chapter-arc5-15.md L62 :: and the creature that had been born from the plague and the shadow and the endless darkness in the belt was coming to devour them all.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L42; chapter-arc5-16.md L96 :: the black tide wolves surged forward, their riders crouched low on their backs, their shadow flares igniting in sheets of dark flame.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L98 :: but every wound healed within seconds.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L98 :: the chitin knit itself together as fast as the wolves could tear it.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L44; chapter-arc5-16.md L98 :: the shadow fire guttered and died against the creature's flesh, and the wolves were forced back, their jaws bloody, their riders exhausted.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L46; chapter-arc5-16.md L100 :: yvaria's drummers beat out a frantic rhythm, and the remaining ghosts fired volley after volley into the creature's eyes, its mouth, its joints.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L46; chapter-arc5-16.md L100 :: the arrows struck true, but they did nothing.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L46; chapter-arc5-16.md L100 :: it simply kept walking, its eight legs churning the sand, its purple eyes fixed on the gate.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L50; chapter-arc5-16.md L104 :: zephyr pulled his wolves back, his scarred face twisted with frustration.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-16.md L66; chapter-arc5-16.md L108 :: it was 11:50 in the morning, the seventh day of the month of storms, in the first year of the reign of ajani brightmane.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-17.md L28; chapter-arc5-17.md L32 :: the spear that cleaves through the darkness.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L8; chapter-arc5-19.md L44 :: he launched himself into the sky, the golden wings snapping open from his back, the white spear of the pyrinae already materializing in his grip.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L8; chapter-arc5-19.md L44 :: the creature was a league away—close enough that he could see the purple orbs pulsing where its eyes should have been, close enough that he could smell the charnel reek of its body
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L10; chapter-arc5-19.md L46 :: he threw the spear with everything he had.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L10; chapter-arc5-19.md L46 :: it split in midair—one became two, two became four, four became five—the five spears of the pyrinae gift, each one blazing with a different elemental fury.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L10; chapter-arc5-19.md L46 :: fire, water, light, darkness, earth.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L10; chapter-arc5-19.md L46 :: they surrounded the creature in a perfect pentagon, their points aimed inward, their shafts humming with contained power.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L10; chapter-arc5-19.md L46 :: its massive head swiveled, tracking the spears, and its purple eyes flickered with something that might have been recognition.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L16; chapter-arc5-19.md L52 :: the acid barbs shot upward in a volley of green death—the same barbs that had dissolved the wohs, the same poison that had melted wengari flesh from bone.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L16; chapter-arc5-19.md L52 :: ajani was still aloft, still scribbling in the grimoire with one paw while the other maintained the spears.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L16; chapter-arc5-19.md L52 :: yvaria's drums beat a frantic, desperate rhythm, and the remaining ghosts dove—not to attack the creature, not to harry its flanks, but to put their bodies between the barbs and th
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L16; chapter-arc5-19.md L52 :: five ghosts died instantly, their five-meter wingspans dissolving into green mist, their riders falling.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L16; chapter-arc5-19.md L52 :: yvaria's voice cracked with fury and grief as she screamed into the communication shell.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L20; chapter-arc5-19.md L56 :: ajani did not look up from the grimoire.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L20; chapter-arc5-19.md L56 :: his claws were moving faster than they had ever moved, tracing runic circles and elemental sigils with the precision l'vat had beaten into him in the marshes.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L24; chapter-arc5-19.md L60 :: the young shadow paw commander raised his lacquered claws and shouted to his riders.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L24; chapter-arc5-19.md L60 :: we give him five minutes!" the black tide wolves wreathed themselves in shadow fire and surged toward the creature, their riders crouched low, their claws gleaming.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L24; chapter-arc5-19.md L60 :: they had already charged once and been driven back.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L24; chapter-arc5-19.md L60 :: they knew the creature's wounds would heal.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L26; chapter-arc5-19.md L62 :: solen raised his spiked mace, and the twenty golden cloaks rose with him.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L26; chapter-arc5-19.md L62 :: their light pillars blazed with the last reserves of their ancient power—the final stand they had been saving for the evacuation.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L26; chapter-arc5-19.md L62 :: they flew in a tight formation, surrounding the creature, and the golden wall erupted from their bodies.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L26; chapter-arc5-19.md L62 :: it was not the dome that had enclosed the city.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L26; chapter-arc5-19.md L62 :: it was a cage—a cylinder of golden light that trapped the creature within its circumference, pressing inward, restricting its movement.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L28; chapter-arc5-19.md L64 :: the creature screamed and hammered against the barrier.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L30; chapter-arc5-19.md L66 :: he tore it from the grimoire, and the paper floated before him, its runes blazing with red light.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L30; chapter-arc5-19.md L66 :: the words were old—older than the wengari, older than the pact, older perhaps than the lord of the desert itself.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L30; chapter-arc5-19.md L66 :: the green deaths of the marsh had been his classroom, but the old root had also given him books, ancient texts salvaged from the ruins of civilizations that had fallen before the t
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L34; chapter-arc5-19.md L70 :: "spirit of fire from the east, giver of life and taker of life, this humble sorcerer beseeches you—take from me and answer my plea.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L36; chapter-arc5-19.md L72 :: it was not a creature of flesh and blood.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L36; chapter-arc5-19.md L72 :: it was fire given form and will—a spirit of the old world, summoned from whatever realm the ancient sorcerers had bound it to.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L36; chapter-arc5-19.md L74 :: it tightened around ajani's arm, and he felt his aura draining into it, felt the creature feeding on his strength.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L40; chapter-arc5-19.md L76 :: the golden cloaks' barrier shattered.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L40; chapter-arc5-19.md L76 :: the shadow riders pulled back, their wolves panting, their riders staring.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L40; chapter-arc5-19.md L78 :: the ghosts hovered in the sky, their drums silent.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L40; chapter-arc5-19.md L78 :: and ajani, still aloft on his golden wings, his aura draining into the ifrit, his grimoire still open in his paw, watched the fire spirit and the black creature tear into each othe
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L42; chapter-arc5-19.md L80 :: the white dawn had bought five minutes.
x2 @ chapter-arc5-19.md L42; chapter-arc5-19.md L80 :: the battle for the capital was not yet over.
